10 degree
10l thoracic
10 min
10 o.clock
10r.l thoracic
10r thoracic
10 thoracic
11l thoracic
11 o.clock
11r.l thoracic
11r thoracic
11 thoracic
123.iodine carcinoembryonic
1.2 additional
12l thoracic
12 month
12.month follow.up
12 o.clock
12r.l thoracic
12r thoracic
12 thoracic
13l thoracic
13r.l thoracic
13r thoracic
13 thoracic
14l thoracic
14r.l thoracic
14r thoracic
14 thoracic
1.5d element
1.5 dimensional
1.5 hr
15 min
16a1 lymph
16a2 lymph
16b1 lymph
16b2 lymph
1d element
1 dimensional
1 hr
1 o.clock
1 or
1r.l thoracic
1st diagonal
1st marginal
1 thoracic
20 degree
2 column
2.column burst
2 days
2d selective
2 hr
2l thoracic
2nd diagonal
2nd marginal
2 o.clock
2 or
2r.l thoracic
2r thoracic
2 spinal
2 thoracic
30 degree
30 min
3 column
3.column burst
3d image
3 dimensional
3d post
3d printing
3d revolutional
3d rotational
3 month
3.month follow
3.month follow.up
3 o.clock
3 or
3 phase
3rd diagonal
3rd marginal
3r.l thoracic
3 thoracic
45 degree
45 min
48 hr
48 hrs
4 dimensional
4l thoracic
4 o.clock
4 or
4r.l thoracic
4r thoracic
4 thoracic
5 o.clock
5 or
5r.l thoracic
5 thoracic
6 month
6.month follow.up
6 o.clock
6 or
6r.l thoracic
6 thoracic
7 o.clock
7 thoracic
8l thoracic
8 o.clock
8r.l thoracic
8r thoracic
8 thoracic
90 degree
90 min
99mtc dimercapto
99mtc nofetumomab
9l thoracic
9 o.clock
9r.l thoracic
9r thoracic
9 thoracic
a1 pulley
a1 segment
a2 pulley
a2 segment
a3 pulley
a4 pulley
a5 pulley
abdominal blood
abdominal branch
abdominal cavity
abdominal extraperitoneal
abdominal fascia
abdominal fat
abdominal lymphatic
abdominal lymph
abdominal orifice
abdominal ostium
abdominal parietal
abdominal part
abdominal proper
abdominal regions
abdominal segment
abdominal solid
abdominal viscera
abdominal wall
abdominopelvic compartment
abdominopelvic lymph
abducens nerve
abducent nerve
abduction external
abductor digiti
abductor hallucis
abductor ossis
abductor pollicis
aberrant cervical
aberrant thoracic
ablation track
abnormal accumulation
abnormal implant
abnormal signal
abnormal uptake
absence of
absent bow
absent collecting
absent gastric
absent inferior
absent ivc
absent liver
absorbable gelatin
abuts capsule
abuts hepatic
abuts portal
acalculous gallbladder
accentuation of
accessory atlanto.axial
accessory atlantoaxial
accessory basal
accessory branch
accessory cephalic
accessory cuneate
accessory cusp
accessory cystic
accessory left
accessory medullary
accessory nerve
accessory neural
accessory nucleus
accessory obturator
accessory oculomotor
accessory olivary
accessory pancreatic
accessory paramedian
accessory parathyroid
accessory parotid
accessory phrenic
accessory root
accessory short
accessory superior
accessory suprarenal
accessory thyroid
accessory vertebral
acellular anatomical
acellular anatomic
acetabular part
acinar cell
acinar stroma
acl graft
acoustic nerve
acquired immune
acquired tufted
acquisition field
acr.1 actionable
acr.2 actionable
acr.3 actionable
acromial anastomosis
acromial angle
acromial branch
acromial end
acromial part
acromioclavicular branch
acromion proper
activity at
acute disseminated
acute external
acute flexion
acute inflammatory
acute interstitial
acute kyphosis
acute marginal
acute otitis
acute serous
acute tubular
additional area
additional body
additional delayed
additional spinal
additional vessel
adductor brevis
adductor canal
adductor hallucis
adductor longus
adductor magnus
adductor pollicis
adenoid cystic
adenoma sebaceum
adenomatoid odontogenic
aditus ad
aditus to
adjacent to
adjustable gastric
admit patient
admitted ir
adrenal cortical
adrenal gland
adrenal rim
adrenal ring
adult respiratory
advanced analytic
advanced perceptual
adventitia of
afferent glomerular
afferent loop
afferent nerve
afferent neural
aggregated lymphoid
aggressive infantile
agranular frontal
agranular retrolimbic
air bronchogram
air crescent
air esophagram
air gap
air meniscus
ajcc level
alae of
ala lobuli
ala of
alar part
alimentary system
alkaline reflux
allergic bronchopulmonary
allergic or
alleviation of
all lumbar
all sacral
almost certainly
almost entirely
alveolar arch
alveolar canal
alveolar cell
alveolar foramen
alveolar part
alveolar process
alveolar ridge
alveolar yokes
alveus of
ambient segment
amiculum of
amniotic fluid
amount of
ampulla of
ampullary bony
ampullary crest
ampullary cupula
ampullary groove
ampullary membranous
amygdaloid nuclear
amygdalopiriform transition
amyotrophic lateral
anal part
anaplastic ependymoma
anaplastic meningioma
anaplastic oligoastrocytoma
anaplastic oligodendroglioma
anaplastic thyroid
anastomosing branch
anastomosing meningeal
anastomosing nerve
anastomotic branch
anatomical anal
anatomical anterolateral
anatomical border
anatomical boundary
anatomical compartment
anatomical conduit
anatomical dorsal
anatomical folds
anatomical junction
anatomical line
anatomically.specified blood
anatomical neck
anatomical pathway
anatomical planes
anatomical transverse
anatomic space
anchored anatomical
ancillary features
ancillary liver
androgen ablation
aneursymal bone
angelchik antireflux
angel wings
angiographic string
angiography image
angiomatosis oculo.orbital.thalamo.encephalic
angiomatous meningioma
angled wire
angle of
angular area
angular artery
angular gyrus
angular longitudinal
angular.longitudinal tube
angular notch
angular tube
angulus gyri
ankle mortise
ankle teardrop
annular element
annular ligament
annular periradial
annular pulley
annular recess
annular tear
annulus fibrosis
anodal lymphatic
anomaly of
anorectal lymphatic
anorectal lymph
ansa and
ansa cervicalis
ansa lenticularis
ansa of
ansa peduncularis
ansiform lobule
anteater nose
anterior abdominal
anterior accessory
anterior acoustic
anterior ampullary
anterior amygdaloid
anterior area
anterior articular
anterior ascending
anterior aspect
anterior atlantoaxial
anterior attachment
anterior auricular
anterior axillary
anterior band
anterior basal
anterior belly
anterior body
anterior bony
anterior branch
anterior bundle
anterior c1
anterior c2
anterior c3
anterior c4
anterior c5
anterior c6
anterior c7
anterior c8
anterior capitular
anterior cardiac
anterior caudate
anterior cavernous
anterior cecal
anterior cell
anterior cerebellar
anterior cerebral
anterior cervical
anterior chamber
anterior chest
anterior choroidal
anterior ciliary
anterior cingulate
anterior circumflex
anterior clinoid
anterior cochlear
anterior column
anterior commissure.
anterior commissure
anterior communicating
anterior compartment
anterior component
anterior condylar
anterior conjunctival
anterior cord
anterior corona
anterior coronary
anterior corpus
anterior corticospinal
anterior costotransverse
anterior costovertebral
anterior cranial
anterior crescentic
anterior cruciate
anterior crural
anterior crus
anterior cutaneous
anterior deep
anterior diaphragmatic
anterior displacement
anterior division
anterior divisions
anterior drawer
anterior elbow
anterior ends
anterior ethmoid
anterior ethmoidal
anterior external
anterior fascial
anterior fascicle
anterior fasciculus
anterior female
anterior femoral
anterior fibromuscular
anterior fold
anterior forceps
anterior fornix
anterior funiculus
anterior gastric
anterior geniculate
anterior genu
anterior gigantocellular
anterior glandular
anterior gluteal
anterior gray
anterior grey
anterior hepatovenous
anterior horizontal
anterior horn
anterior humeral
anterior hypothalamic
anterior ileocolic
anterior inferior
anterior intercavernous
anterior intercondylar
anterior intercostal
anterior intermediate
anterior intermeniscal
anterior intermuscular
anterior internal
anterior interosseous
anterior interposed
anterior interpositus
anterior interventricular
anterior intervertebral
anterior intra.occipital
anterior intraoccipital
anterior jugular
anterior junction
anterior knee
anterior l1
anterior l2
anterior l3
anterior l4
anterior l5
anterior labial
anterior lacrimal
anterior lamina
anterior lateral
anterior ligament
anterior limb
anterior lip
anterior lobe
anterior lobule
anterior long
anterior longitudinal
anteriorly migrating
anterior malleolar
anterior margin
anterior medial
anterior median
anterior mediastinal
anterior medullary
anterior membranous
anterior meningeal
anterior meniscofemoral
anterior nasal
anterior nerve
anterior notch
anterior nuclear
anterior nuclei
anterior nucleus
anterior obturator
anterior occipitoatlantal
anterior olfactory
anterior orbital
anterior osteomeatal
anterior palpebral
anterior pancreaticoduodenal
anterior paracentral
anterior paraolfactory
anterior pararenal
anterior paraventricular
anterior parietal
anterior part
anterior pectoral
anterior perforated
anterior perforating
anterior periprostatic
anterior perirenal
anterior perisplenic
anterior periventricular
anterior peroneal
anterior pillar
anterior pituitary
anterior pontomesencephalic
anterior pontoreticulospinal
anterior portion
anterior portions
anterior pretectal
anterior process
anterior profile
anterior prostatic
anterior pubic
anterior pulmonary
anterior pulvinar
anterior pyramidal
anterior quadrangular
anterior radiation
anterior radicular
anterior rami
anterior ramus
anterior raphespinal
anterior recess
anterior region
anterior renal
anterior reticulospinal
anterior rootlet
anterior root
anterior s1
anterior s2
anterior s3
anterior s4
anterior s5
anterior sacrococcygeal
anterior sacro.iliac
anterior sacroiliac
anterior sacrosciatic
anterior scalene
anterior scrotal
anterior segmental
anterior segment
anterior segments
anterior semicircular
anterior semilunar
anterior septal
anterior short
anterior slope
anterior solitary
anterior spinal
anterior spinocerebellar
anterior spinothalamic
anterior sternoclavicular
anterior subluxation
anterior subnucleus
anterior suboccipital
anterior sulcal
anterior sulcus
anterior superficial
anterior superior
anterior supraclavicular
anterior surface
anterior t10
anterior t11
anterior t12
anterior t1
anterior t2
anterior t3
anterior t4
anterior t5
anterior t6
anterior t7
anterior t8
anterior t9
anterior talocalcaneal
anterior talofibular
anterior tegmental
anterior temporal
anterior thalamic
anterior thalamoperforating
anterior thoracic
anterior tibial
anterior tibiofibular
anterior tibiotalar
anterior tracheal
anterior tract
anterior transverse
anterior triangle
anterior tributary
anterior trigeminothalamic
anterior trunk
anterior tubercle
anterior tympanic
anterior ulnar
anterior vagal
anterior vein
anterior ventral
anterior ventrolateral
anterior vermis
anterior vertebral
anterior vestibular
anterior wall
anterior white
anterior zone
anterodorsal nucleus
anterodorsal thalamic
anteroinferior iliac
anteroinferior pancreaticoduodenal
anteroinferior popliteomeniscal
anteroinferior renal
antero.inferior surface
anteroinferior zone
antero.inferior zone
anterolateral auditory
anterolateral band
anterolateral border
anterolateral bundle
anterolateral central
anterolateral corticospinal
anterolateral diaphragmatic
anterolateral medullary
anterolateral nucleus
anterolateral pontine
anterolateral recess
anterolateral surface
anterolateral system
anteromedial band
anteromedial basal
anteromedial border
anteromedial branch
anteromedial bundle
anteromedial central
anteromedial frontal
anteromedial nucleus
anteromedial part
anteromedial recess
anteromedial surface
anteromedial thalamic
anteromedian medullary
anteromedian pontine
anteroposterior axial
anteroposterior external
anteroposterior internal
anteroposterior oblique
anteroposterior tangential
anteroprincipal thalamic
antero.septal wall
anterosuperior common
anterosuperior iliac
anterosuperior pancreaticoduodenal
anterosuperior portion
anterosuperior renal
anterosuperior surface
anterosuperior zone
anteroventral auditory
anteroventral cochlear
anteroventral nucleus
anteroventral periventricular
anteroventral thalamic
anti.mesenteric border
antimesenteric border
anti ringing
antral bowing
antral mucosal
antral pad
antrum of
anulo.olivary fibers
anulus fibrosus
anulus of
aortic dissection
aortic nipple
aorticorenal ganglia
aortic swallowing
aortocaval lymph
aortopulmonary lymph
aortopulmonary window
apatite.associated destructive
ap axial
aperture of
apex of
apex proper
ap external
apical anterior
apical cap
apical foramen
apical ligament
apical lordotic
apical odontoid
apical part
apical region
apical segmental
apical segment
apicoposterior segmental
apicoposterior segment
ap internal
aplasia of
aponeurosis of
apophyseal ring
apparent diffusion
appendicular lymphatic
appendicular lymph
appendicular skeleton
apple core
apple sauce
applicaton closed
approximal surface
ap supine
aqueduct of
arachnoid barrier
arachnoid mater
arbitrary subdivision
arbor vitae
arcade of
arch of
arc of
arcuate branch
arcuate complex
arcuate fibers
arcuate fibres
arcuate hypothalamic
arcuate ligament
arcuate line
arcuate nucleus
arcuate periventricular
arcuate popliteal
arcuate process
arcuate pubic
arcuate renal
arcuate vein
arcus tendineus
area 10
area 11d
area 11
area 11p
area 12a
area 12
area 12p
area 13a
area 13b
area 13
area 14a
area 14b
area 14c
area 14d
area 14
area 14p
area 15
area 16a1
area 16a2
area 16a
area 16b1
area 16b1para.aortic
area 16b2
area 16b
area 16c
area 16
area 17a
area 17b
area 17
area 18
area 19
area 1
area 20
area 21
area 22
area 23
area 24
area 25
area 26
area 27
area 28
area 29
area 2
area 30
area 31
area 32
area 33
area 34
area 35
area 36
area 37
area 38
area 39
area 3
area 40
area 41
area 42
area 43
area 44
area 45
area 46
area 47
area 48
area 49
area 4
area 52
area 5
area 6
area 7
area 8a
area 8
area 8p
area 9
area cribrosa
area of
area postrema
areola of
areolar connective
aricular branch
arm pedaling
arnold nerves
arrhythmogenic right
arterial branch
arterial cut.off
arterial phase
arterial scimitar
arterial tree
arterial trunk
arteria medullaris
arteria segmenti
arterioportal or
arteriosclerotic vascular
artery of
artery to
arthritis of
arthritis secondary
arthroplasty device
arthroplasty implant
articular branch
articular capsule
articular cartilage
articular disc
articular disk
articular facet
articularis cubiti
articularis genu
articularis genus
articular muscle
articular part
articular process
articular segment
articular surface
articulation of
artifact correction
artifact or
artifact related
ary.epiglottic part
aryepiglottic part
arytenoid articular
asbestos.related pleural
ascending branch
ascending cervical
ascending colon
ascending fibers
ascending frontal
ascending glandular
ascending ischial
ascending limb
ascending lumbar
ascending palatine
ascending pharyngeal
ascending pubic
ascending ramus
ascending thin
ascending tract
ascending vasa
aspiration of
assess treatment
assisted primary
association fibers
association fibres
astroblastoma .who
astrocytoma who
asymmetric 2d
asymmetric 2
asymmetric tubular
asymptomatic calcium
atlantic part
atretic follicle
atrial branch
atrial septal
atrioventricular branch
atrioventricular groove
atrioventricular nodal
atrioventricular node
atrium of
attachment area
attachment site
attachment to
attempted imaging
attenuation correction
atypical ductal
atypical lobular
atypical meningioma
atypical small
atypical teratoid
atypical teratoid.rhabdoid
auditory association
auditory commissure
auditory tube
auricle of
auricular branch
auricularis anterior
auricularis posterior
auricularis superior
auriculotemporal neural
automated bolus
automated implantable
automated processing
automatic bolus
automatic exposure
autonomic division
autonomic nerve
autonomic nerves
autonomic nervous
autonomic neural
autonomic part
autonomic plexus
avascular necrosis
average intensity
average value
av groove
avulsed bone
avulsed meniscal
axial calcaneus
axial ct
axial dorsoplantar
axial pedicular
axial plantodorsal
axial rolled
axial scan
axial view
axillary arterial
axillary border
axillary lymph
axillary mass
axillary nerve
axillary neural
axillary pouch
axillary recess
axillary region
axillary tail
axillary venous
axiolateral oblique
azygos continuation
azygos venous
azygous continuation
b6 bronchus
background parenchymal
back of
bacterial infectious
bacterial overgrowth
baillarger external
baillarger internal
balanced steady
balloon cell
balloon dilatation
balloon dilation
balloon mitral
balloon pressure
balloon tamponade
band of
bare area
bare orbit
barium contrast
barium sulfate
bartholin gland
basal amygdaloid
basal ganglion
basal lamina
basal layer
basal magnocellular
basal nuclei
basal nucleus
basal part
basal portion
basal region
basal segmental
basal substance
basal surface
basal vein
basal venous
basal ventral
basal zone
base images
base of
basic analytical
basic perceptual
basilar arterial
basilar part
basilic vein
basilic venous
basis of
basivertebral venous
basolateral amygdaloid
basolateral nucleus
basolateral subdivision
basomedial amygdaloid
beaded septum
beak sign
beam hardening
bear paw
beaten brass
beaten silver
bed nucleus
bellini duct
bell.shaped ureter
belly of
belt auditory
benign epithelial
benign intracranial
benign mixed
benign odontogenic
benign prostatic
benign symmetric
bent bronchus
bent inner
bergman coiled
best estimated
best guess
between sections
between.view motion
bevel needle
biceps brachii
biceps branch
biceps femoris
bicipital groove
bicipital segment
bicuspid heart
bifurcation of
big rib
big toe
bile ductal
biliary bypass
biliary lymph
biliary tract
biliary tree
biliopancreatic diversion
bilirubin.induced neurologic
billroth ii
billroth i
bind bilirubin
biphasic synovial
bi.rads breast
bi.rads category
bird.apos.s beak
birds nest
biventer cervicis
biventer lobular
biventral lobule
black boundary
blackett healy
black pleura
bladder ear
bladder transitional
blade motion
bland thrombus
blind loop
blind pouch
blister of
blood flow
blood in
blood pool
blood products
blood vessel
blood vessels
blueberry muffin
body cavity
body compartment
body habitus
body of
body part
body region
body rotation
body substance
body surface
body system
body system.specific
body wall
bolus of
bolus triggering
bona fide
bonafide anatomical
bone blister
bone bruise
bone forming
bone graft
bone in
bone marrow
bone mineralization
bone of
bone organ
bone pathophysiologic
bone process
bone proper
bone.scan double
bones from
bones of
bone stimulator
bone structures
bony part
bony structure
boot.shaped heart
border of
bounce point
bowel motility
bowel spokewheel
bowler hat
bow tie
brachial arterial
brachial fascia
brachialis branch
brachial neural
brachial plexus
brachial venous
brachiocephalic venous
brachioradialis branch
brachium inferior
brachium of
brachium superior
brain nuclei
branches of
branchiomeric cranial
branchiomotor nucleus
branch of
branch to
breast implant
bridging vascular
brittle bone
broad based
broad ligament
broca diagonal
brodmann area
bronchial branches
bronchial branch
bronchial wall
bronchioalveolar cell
bronchiolitis obliterans
bronchoalveolar cell
broncho.aortic constriction
bronchopulmonary lymph
brownian movement
bruce protocol
brunner gland
buccal branches
buccal branch
buccal cusp
buccal fat
buccal neural
buccal root
buccal salivary
buccal surface
buccinator lymph
buccopharyngeal part
bucket handle
bucket.handle tear
bulbar corticonuclear
bulbar reticular
bulb of
bulbospongiosus branch
bulges capsule
bulging fissure
bulging tumor
bull.apos.s.eye falciform
bull.apos.s.eye sign
bullet and
bullet.shaped vertebra
bullseye falciform
bullseye sign
bundle of
burned out
bursa iliaca
bursa of
bursa subtendinea
button sequestrum
c1 branch
c1 pulley
c1 segment
c2 branch
c2 pulley
c2 root
c2 segment
c3 branch
c3 pulley
c3 root
c3 segment
c3 vertebral
c4 branch
c4 root
c4 segment
c4segment of
c4 vertebral
c5 and
c5 anterior
c5 branch
c5.c6 anterior
c5.c6 posterior
c5.c7 roots
c5.c8 roots
c5 dorsal
c5 posterior
c5 root
c5 segment
c5.t1 roots
c5 ventral
c5 vertebral
c6 anterior
c6 branch
c6 dorsal
c6 nerve
c6 posterior
c6 root
c6 segment
c6 ventral
c6 vertebral
c7 anterior
c7 branch
c7 dorsal
c7 posterior
c7 root
c7 segment
c7 ventral
c7 vertebral
c8 branch
c8 dorsal
c8 nucleus
c8 part
c8 root
c8 segment
c8.t1 anterior
c8.t1 posterior
c8.t1 root
c8.t1 roots
c8 ventral
ca1 field
ca2 field
ca3 field
cadmium zinc
caecal folds
cajal interstitial
calcaneocuboid part
calcaneonavicular part
calcarine spur
calcifications in
calcifications outside
calcifying epithelial
calcifying odontogenic
calcium hydroxyapatite
calcium pyrophosphate
calculated attenuation
calculus of
call back
callosomarginal arterial
calyceal crescent
calyx of
camp coventry
canal for
canalicular part
canalicular segment
canaliculus for
canal of
cancellous bone
cancellous ulcer
cancer of
candy cane
canine fossa
canine groove
capillary lamina
capillary of
capitellar fossa
capitellum of
capitulum of
capsular perforating
capsule appearance
capsule of
capture equipment
caput medusae
caput of
carbon dioxide
carbon monoxide
carcinoid heart
carcinoma ex
carcinoma in
carcinoma of
cardiac blur
cardiac branches
cardiac branch
cardiac double
cardiac esophageal
cardiac ganglia
cardiac impression
cardiac navigator
cardiac notch
cardiac orifice
cardiac pacing
cardiac rhythm
cardial part
cardia of
cardinal body
cardinal free
cardinal organ
cardinal segment
cardinal tissue
cardiogenic pulmonary
cardiophrenic angle
carina of
carinate lymph
carman meniscus
caroticotympanic nerves
carotid branch
carotid cavernous
carotid sinus
carotid string
carotid sulcus
carotid wall
carpal articular
carpal bridge
carpal tunnel
carpometacarpal joint
cartesian k.space
cartilage of
cartilaginous external
cartilaginous part
category 1
category 2
category 3
catheter portion
caudal aspect
caudal auditory
caudal central
caudal linear
caudal lobe
caudal magnocellular
caudal nucleus
caudal pancreatic
caudal part
caudal pontine
caudal postcentral
caudal segment
caudal vertical
caudate lobar
caudate lobe
caudate nuclear
caudate process
caudomedial auditory
cave of
cavernous branch
cavernous nerves
cavernous organ
cavernous plexus
cavernous portion
cavernous sinus
caviness neocortex
cavity of
cavity proper
cavum septi
c. difficile
cecal surface
cecal tributary
celery stalk
celery stick
celiac arterial
celiac branch
celiac lymphatic
celiac lymph
celiac nerve
celiac neural
celiac proper
cell group
cell nest
cell part
cellular ependymoma
cellular layer
cement of
center of
central amygdaloid
central area
central autonomic
central bundle
central canal
central central
central dorsal
central dot
central gelatinous
central gland
central glandular
central gray
central grey
central group
central intermediate
central lateral
central line
central lobular
central lobule
central lucency
central magnocellular
central medial
central medullary
central mesenteric
central nervous
central nucleus
central oculomotor
central odontogenic
central opercular
central part
central .periaqueductal.
central pontine
central portion
central precommissural
central radiation
central ray
central region
central reticular
central retinal
central segment
central somatic
central spinal
central stripe
central sulcus
central superior
central tegmental
central thalamic
central venous
central zipper
central zone
centre median
centric k.space
centrolateral thalamic
centromedian nucleus
centromedian thalamic
centroparietal thalamic
cephalic vein
cephalic venous
ceramic surgical
ceratopharyngeal part
cerebellar cortical
cerebellar fossa
cerebellar hemisphere
cerebellar olivary
cerebellarpontine angle
cerebellar segment
cerebellar tonsillar
cerebellar white
cerebellomedullary cistern
cerebello.olivary fibers
cerebellum segment
cerebral aqueduct
cerebral arcuate
cerebral arterial
cerebral association
cerebral autosomal
cerebral blood
cerebral cortex
cerebral fossa
cerebral hemisphere
cerebral nerve
cerebral part
cerebral peduncle
cerebral projection
cerebral segment
cerebral surface
cerebral uncinate
cerebral white
cerebrospinal fluid
certainty of
cervical blister
cervical branch
cervical canal
cervical cardiac
cervical enlargement
cervical facet
cervical ganglia
cervical intermediate
cervical intervertebral
cervicalis ascendens
cervical lymph
cervical neural
cervical part
cervical portion
cervical segment
cervical segments
cervical soft
cervical spinal
cervical spine
cervical subsegment
cervical sympathetic
cervical vertebral
cervicothoracic.brachial compartment
cervicothoracic ganglion
cervicothoracic spine
cervix of
chamber of
changed cpt
chaotic flow
chassard lapine
chausse ii
check ligament
chemical shift
chemotherapy reconstitution
chest abdomen
chest tube
chest wall
chiari malformation
chiasmatic branch
chief inferior
chief nucleus
chief sensory
chief superior
chief vestibular
cholesterol.related arthritis
chondropharyngeal part
chorda tympani
chordoid glioma
chordoid meningioma
chorioid plexus
choroidal branch
choroid membrane
choroid of
choroid plexus
christmas tree
chromium.51 sodium
chromium diethyl
chromium.labeled red
chronic acalculous
chronic arthritis
chronic fibrosing
chronic infiltrative
chronic intestinal
chronic obstructive
chronic recurrent
chronic sclerosing
chronic symmetric
chronic tendon
chronic traumatic
ciliary bundle
ciliary ganglion
ciliary gland
ciliary margin
ciliary part
ciliary zonule
ciliated columnar
ciliated stratified
cingular branch
cingulate gyrus.
cingulate gyrus
cinguloparietal transition
cingulum of
circle of
circular fibers
circular fold
circular folds
circular layer
circularly polarized
circular muscle
circular spect
circular sulcus
circumflex branch
circumflex coronary
circumflex humeral
circumflex iliac
circumflex pontine
circumflex scapular
circumventricular organ
cirrhosis associated
cisternal portion
cisternal segment
clamp pressure
classical right
claustral amygdaloid
clavicular branch
clavicular facet
clavicular head
clavicular part
clay shoveler.apos.s
clear cell
clear space
cleland ligament
clements nakayama
clenched fist
clinical crown
clinical history
clinical images
clinical information
clinically significant
clinical root
clinical significance
clinical thoracic
clipped or
clival venous
clivus branch
clock face
close applicaton
closed loop
closed mouth
closed part
clostridium difficile
closure device
clustered ring
cluster of
cluster.of.grapes sign
coal worker
coarctation of
coarse heterogeneous
coaxial access
cobra head
coccygeal ganglion
coccygeal left
coccygeal neural
coccygeal segment
coccygeal segments
coccygeal spinal
coccygeal spine
coccygeal sympathetic
cochlear area
cochlear artery
cochlear branch
cochlear communicating
cochlear neural
cochlear nuclear
cocktail sausage
coeliac branches
coeliac branch
coeliac ganglia
coeliac lymphatic
coeliac lymph
coeliacoduodenal part
coeur en
coffee bean
cog of
coiled catheter
coiled tube
colcher sussman
cold pressor
colic impression
colic lymphatic
colic lymph
colitis cystica
collapsing cord
collateral branch
collateral eminence
collateral ganglion
collateral ligament
collateral segment
collateral trigone
collateral vein
collecting duct
collecting system
collection of
collicular part
colliculus of
collimator energy
colon cut.off
colon cutoff
colonic ring
colon loop
color doppler
columnar epithelium
column of
combination of
combined imaging
combined posterior
combined xyz
comet.tail artifact
comet tail
commissural fibers
commissural fibres
commissural nucleus
commissural white
commissure of
committed to
common aortopulmonary
common arterial
common belly
common bile
common bony
common carotid
common cochlear
common digital
common extensor
common femoral
common fibular
common flexor
common flexor.pronator
common foramen
common hepatic
common iliac
common interosseous
common membranous
common modiolar
common nasal
common palmar
common peroneal
common plantar
common quadriceps
common temporal
common tendinous
common tendon
communicating branch
communicating branches
communicating nerve
communicating vein
communication branch
compact part
compact subnucleus
compartment of
compartment space
complete clinical
complete imaging
complex background
complex cystic
complex mixed
composite schwannian
compound exocrine
compound tubuloacinar
compression of
compression repair
compressor urethrae
concentric annular
concentric ring
conchal crest
concha proper
condylar fossa
condylar process
condylar segment
condyle of
condyloid process
cone.beam effect
cones k.space
confluence of
confluent fibrosis
congenital aganglionosis
congenital anomaly
congenital cardiovascular
congenital chromosomal
congenital diaphragmatic
congenital dilatation
congenital hepatic
congenital inclusion
congenitally biscuspid
congenital malformation
congenital spinal
congestive heart
conjunctival branch
conjunctival ring
conjunctival tributary
connective tissue
connective tissueof
conoid part
constant angle
constriction zone
constrictor muscle
contact zone
content of
continent ileostomy
continuous breathing
continuous data
continuous diaphragm
continuously rotating
continuous table
contoured spect
contracting cord
contrast bubble
conus branch
conventional gradient
conventional spin
converging line
convex surface
convoluted portion
cookie bite
cookie cutter
cooper.apos.s ligament
cooper ligament
coracobrachialis branch
coracoid process
cord of
cords of
corduroy cloth
core auditory
core biopsy
core needle
core region
corkscrew bowel
corkscrew distal
corkscrew esophagus
corneoscleral part
cornu of
coronary artery
coronary ischemia
coronary ligament
coronoid fossa
coronoid process
corpus adiposum
corpus albicans
corpus callosum
corpus callosum.
corpus luteum
corpus medullare
corpus of
corrected report
corrugator supercilii
cortex of
cortex proper
cortical amygdaloid
cortical basal
cortical.basal ganglionic
cortical bone
cortical cerebral
cortical erosion
cortical part
cortical radial
cortical rim
cortical ring
cortical tributary
corticobasal ganglionic
corticocancellous bone
corticomedial subdivision
corticomesencephalic fibers
corticonuclear fibers
corticopontine fibers
corticoreticular fibers
corticorubral fibers
corticospinal fibers
corticospinal tract
corticothalamic fibers
costal cartilage
costal surface
costal tuberosity
costocervical arterial
costocervical compartment
costoclavicular compartment
costotransverse process
costovertebral synovial
cottage loaf
cotton wool
couinaud hepatic
counts per
cowper duct
cppd deposition
cppd type
cpt ordered
cracked walnut
cranial accessory
cranial arachnoid
cranial conduit
cranial dura
cranial leptomeningeal
cranial nerve
cranial nerve.tract
cranial neural
cranial parasympathetic
cranial part
cranial pia
cranial root
cranial sensory
cranial synovial
cranio.caudal exaggerated
craniocaudal exaggerated
craniofacial body
craniopharyngioma .who
craniospinal sensory
create teaching
cremaster muscle
crescent sign
crest of
cribriform area
cricopharyngeal part
cricothyroid branch
crista urethralis
critical event
critical finding
cross.sectional attenuation
cross.sectional procedure
cross table
cross talk
crowded carpal
crow foot
crown of
cruciate crural
cruciate pulley
cruciform eminence
crus ii
crus i
crus of
cryotherapy procedure
crypt of
cryptogenic organizing
crystal induced
csf drainage
csf in
cs rod
ct angiogram
ct arrowhead
ct attenuation
ct bore
ct detector
ct dose
ct exposure
ct fan.beam
ct halo
ct image
ct motion
ct perfusion
ct primary
ct procedure
ct projection
ct reconstruction
ct revolutional
ct scan
ct scanned
ct scanning
ct scout
ct source.detector
ct source.isocenter
ct x.ray
cubital tunnel
culmen of
cuneate fascicle
cuneate fasciculus
cuneate nuclear
cuneate nucleus
cuneate transverse
cuneocerebellar fibers
cuneocerebellar tract
cuneocuboid interosseous
cuneospinal fibers
cuneus of
cupid bow
cupula of
cupular part
curlicue ureter
curved array
curved linear
curved planar
cusp of
cutaneous branch
cutaneous tributary
cuticle of
cyclic encoding
cyclic flow
cystic adventitial
cystic arterial
cystic ductal
cystic duct
cystic lymphatic
cystic lymph
cystic mucinous
cystic. mucinous.
cystic partially
cystodiathermy of
cystohepatic triangle
cytomegalic inclusion
danelius miller
dark internal
data error
david letterman
dce magnetic
death related
death unrelated
debakey type
declive of
decreased in
decubitus bilateral
decussation of
deep auricular
deep band
deep brachial
deep brain
deep branch
deep buccal
deep cerebral
deep cervical
deep circumflex
deep communicating
deep deltoid
deep dorsal
deep extrinsic
deep facial
deep fascia
deep femoral
deep fibular
deep flexor
deep gray
deep grey
deep head
deep infrapatellar
deep intratendinous
deep investing
deep lateral
deep layer
deep limb
deep lingual
deep lymph
deep medial
deep middle
deep muscle
deep muscular
deep musculature
deep needle
deep nerve
deep palmar
deep parotid
deep part
deep perineal
deep peroneal
deep pes
deep petrosal
deep posterior
deep postvertebral
deep pyramidal
deep radial
deep subtendinous
deep sulcus
deep tegmental
deep temporal
deep tendon
deep thenar
deep thoracic
deep transverse
deep trigonal
deep vein
deep white
definite benign
deflected calyx
deforming nonerosive
degeneration of
degenerative brain
degenerative disc
degenerative disk
delayed central
delayed phase
delphian lymph
deltoid branch
deltoid ligament
deltoid part
deltoid tributary
deltoid tuberosity
deltopectoral lymph
dementia alzheimer
dementia with
demifacet of
demineralized bone
dense endoabdominal
dense endopelvic
dense irregular
dense metaphyseal
dense regular
dense vessel
densocellular part
dens of
dental alveoli
dental branch
dental papilla
dental pulp
dentate gyrus
dentate nuclear
dentine of
denture prosthetic
denture retention
denver shunt
dependent viscera
depression of
depressor anguli
depressor labii
depressor septi
depressor supercilii
descending branch
descending colon
descending fibers
descending genicular
descending ischial
descending limb
descending palatine
descending part
descending pubic
descending thin
descending thoracic
descending tract
descending vasa
descending vestibular
desk info
desmoplastic infantile
desmoplastic small
desquamative interstitial
detector head
detector motion
determine device
deuel halo
developmental venous
deviated descending
device placement
device repositioning
dexa procedure
diagnostic tissue
diagonal band
diameter of
diamond needle
diaphragmatic branch
diaphragmatic constriction
diaphragmatic lymph
diaphragmatic surface
diaphragm functional
diaphragm navigator
diaphysis of
diaphysis proper
diastolic washout
dicom other
dictation start
different organ
diffuse axonal
diffuse esophageal
diffuse idiopathic
diffuse intimal
diffusely increased
diffuse mucosa.associated
diffuse orbital
diffuse reticular
diffuse skin
diffuse spasm
diffuse toxic
diffusion tensor
diffusion.weighted image
digastric branch
digastric fossa
digital image
digital images
dilated transverse
dilation and
dilation of
dilation procedure
dilator of
dinner fork
diploic branch
directed energy
direct inguinal
direct invasion
direct lateral
direct pancreatic
direct skin
disappearing basal
disappearing ellipse
discarded string
disc height
discoid lateral
discoid medial
discrete fourier
discrete rf
discrete table
disease origin
disorder caused
disorder due
disorder of
displaced complex
displaced crus
displaced retroperitoneal
displaced spinolaminar
displaces portal
disruptive diaphragmatic
dissecting aortic
dissection of
dissipated part
dissipated subnucleus
distal apex
distal band
distal carpal
distal circumflex
distal convoluted
distal cusp
distal deep
distal degment
distal end
distal epiphysis
distal epyphysis
distal esophageal
distal flexor
distal fovea
distal free
distal interphalangeal
distal intestinal
distal lateral
distal left
distal medial
distal metaphysis
distal muscle
distal myotendinous
distal part
distal phalanx
distal pole
distal portion
distal prostatic
distal radioulnar
distal region
distal right
distal root
distal segment
distal superficial
distal superior
distal surface
distal tendon
distal third
distal ulnar
distal zone
distance from
distant metastasis
distended common
distobuccal cusp
distolingual cusp
distopalatal cusp
distorts hepatic
divergent spinous
division of
dog.apos.s ear
dog ear
dog leg
dome of
dorsal accessory
dorsal acoustic
dorsal ascending
dorsal band
dorsal branch
dorsal calcaneocuboid
dorsal carpal
dorsal column.medial
dorsal column
dorsal compartment
dorsal component
dorsal cuneocuboid
dorsal decubitus
dorsal digital
dorsal division
dorsal efferent
dorsal entorhinal
dorsal external
dorsal extrinsic
dorsal fasciculus
dorsal fountain
dorsal funiculus
dorsal gigantocellular
dorsal gray
dorsal grey
dorsal hippocampal
dorsal horn
dorsal hypothalamic
dorsal intercarpal
dorsal intercuneiform
dorsal intermediate
dorsal intermetatarsal
dorsal interossei
dorsal interosseous
dorsalis pedis
dorsal lamella
dorsal lateral
dorsal ligament
dorsal lingual
dorsal lobe
dorsal longitudinal
dorsal medial
dorsal median
dorsal medullary
dorsal meningeal
dorsal metatarsal
dorsal motor
dorsal nail
dorsal nasal
dorsal naviculocuboid
dorsal nerve
dorsal nucleus
dorsal oculomotor
dorsal pancreatic
dorsal pandreatic
dorsal parafloccularis
dorsal paragigantocellular
dorsal paramedian
dorsal paraventricular
dorsal part
dorsal pedal
dorsal periolivary
dorsal portion
dorsal posterior
dorsal premammillary
dorsal radiocarpal
dorsal radiotriquetral
dorsal radioulnar
dorsal rami
dorsal raphe
dorsal region
dorsal root
dorsal sacroiliac
dorsal scapular
dorsal secondary
dorsal segment
dorsal sensory
dorsal septal
dorsal spinocerebellar
dorsal subdivision
dorsal subnucleus
dorsal superficial
dorsal supra.optic
dorsal supraoptic
dorsal surface
dorsal talonavicular
dorsal tegmental
dorsal thalamus
dorsal thoracic
dorsal tributary
dorsal trigeminal
dorsal trigeminothalamic
dorsal triquetroscaphoid
dorsal triquetrotrapezial
dorsal triquetrotrapezoid
dorsal tubercle
dorsal ulnocarpal
dorsal vascular
dorsal vein
dorsal vestibular
dorsal visceral
dorsal white
dorsal zone
dorsolateral group
dorsolateral nucleus
dorsolateral part
dorsolateral prefrontal
dorsolateral segment
dorsolateral sulcus
dorsolateral tract
dorsolateral zone
dorsomedial group
dorsomedial hypothalamic
dorsomedial nuclear
dorsomedial nucleus
dorsomedial part
dorsomedial region
dorsomedial segment
dorsomedial thalamic
dorsum of
dose area
dose details
dot and
double bleb
double bronchial
double bubble
double cava
double.column acetabulum
double condom
double contour
double.contrast barium
double contrast
double decidual
double decidua
double diaphragm
double duct
double outline
double pcl
double popliteus
double posterior
double sac
double spinous
double track
double wall
draped aorta
dripping candle
dripping candlewax
dripping wax
drooping lily
drooping shoulder
drowned hilus
drug delivery
dual energy
dual.energy subtraction
dual tuned
dual.tuned detection
dual.tuned transmission
dublap swanson
dublap. swanson.
ductal precontrast
ductal wall
duct of
dunce cap
duodenal ampullary
duodenal branch
duodenal gland
duodenal glands
duodenal impression
duodenal part
duodenal ring
duodenal wind
dural part
dural tail
dural venous
dura mater
duration of
dynamic compression
dynamic contrast.enhanced
dynamic ct
dynamic nuclear
dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial
dysgenesis of
dysplastic cerebellar
dysplastic gangliocytoma
each additional
early arterial
early exam
early filling
early hepatic
early phase
early termination
early venous
early washout
ear nose
echo planar
ectopic gastric
ectopic pancreatic
ectorhinal area
edge blurring
edge enhancement
edge or
edge ringing
edge smearing
edinger.westphal nucleus
effect of
efferent cochlear
efferent glomerular
efferent loop
efferent nerve
efferent neural
eighth anterior
eighth cervical
eighth intercostal
eighth rib
eighth thoracic
eight thoracic
ejaculatory ductal
elbow fat
elbow joint
elbow sail
eleventh cranial
eleventh intercostal
eleventh rib
eleventh thoracic
elliptical centric
elliptical spect
embolization track
embryonal cell
embryonal neuroepithelial
eminentia fossa
emissary sphenoidal
empiric reconstitution
empty delta
empty mediastinum
empty triangle
emulsion containing
enamel of
encapsulated air
encapsulated perfluorocarbon
end colostomy
endoabdominal fascia
endocavitary annular
endocavitary curved
endocavitary linear
endocavitary mechanical
endocavitary phased
endodermal sinus
endolymphatic sac
endometrium of
endoscopic laser
endoscopic retrograde
endosteal cortical
endothelium of
endovascular papillary
endovenous laser
endplate marrow
endplate of
end.stage lung
energy applied
enhancing capsule
enhancing central
enhancing internal
enhancing soft
enlarged parietal
enlargement of
enteric nervous
enterprise id
entirety of
entopeduncular nucleus
entrance air
entrance skin
entrance to
entrapped chest
entry of
envelope .involucrum
ependymal layer
ependyma of
ependyma proper
ependymoblastoma .who
ependymoma .who
ependymoma who
epicardial fat
epicardial pacemaker
epicolic lymphatic
epicolic lymph
epicondyle of
epidural space
epidural venous
epigastric part
epimysium of
epiphysis of
epipial layer
epiploic appendage
epiploic foramen
episcleral layer
episcleral space
epithelioid cell
epithelioid peripheral
epithelium.associated lymphoid
epithelium of
epithelium proper
eponychium of
equipment failure
erased charcoal
erector spinae
erlenmeyer flask
esophageal branch
esophageal constriction
esophageal devascularization
esophageal gland
esophageal impression
esophageal intramural
esophageal lymph
esophageal part
esophageal replacement
esophageal segment
esophageal tube
esophageal varices
esophagogastric junction
essential mixed
ethmoidal crest
ethmoidal notch
even echo
exaggerated cranio
exaggerated craniocaudal
exam record
excretory duct
exercise stress
exit of
exocrine anastomotic
exostosis of
expiratory breathhold
ext and
extended field
extension and
extensor aponeurosis
extensor carpi
extensor coccygis
extensor compartment
extensor digiti
extensor digitorum
extensor hallucis
extensor hood
extensor indicis
extensor pollicis
extensor tendon
external abdominal
external acoustic
external anal
external auditory
external branch
external carotid
external cuneate
external granular
external iliac
external intercostal
external jugular
external laryngeal
external layer
external longitudinal
external medullary
external muscle
external nasal
external nucleus
external oblique
external occipital
external opening
external palatine
external part
external plantar
external pyramidal
external ramus
external respiratory
external results
external rf
external rotation
external sheath
external sphincter
external surface
external urethral
extra.articular portion
extra.articular segment
extracapsular breast
extra.capsular extension
extracellular fluid
extraconal space
extracranial segment
extraction of
extra head
extrahepatic bile
extrahepatic biliary
extrahepatic branch
extrahepatic portal
extra.laryngeal branch
extralobular stroma
extraocular muscle
extraocular part
extra.osseous component
extraosseous component
extrapleural air
extraprostatic extension
extraprostatic part
extraprostatic tumor
extraventricular part
extreme fibroglandular
extremity lymphatic
extrinsic ligament
extrinsic muscle
extrinsic wrist
f4. abnormal.highly
facet for
facet joint
facet of
facet region
facial area
facial lymph
facial motor
facial nerve
facial neural
failed back
falciform ligament
falciform process
fallen fragment
fallopian tube
false vocal
familial alobar
familial aplasia
far lateral
fascia lata
fascial septum
fascial sheath
fascia of
fascia organ
fasciculus cuneatus
fasciculus gracilis
fasciculus of
fasciculus proprius
fast fourier
fast gradient
fastigium of
fast initial
fat.blood interface
fat c2
fat halo
fat homogeneous
fat pad
fat ring
fat sparing
fatty appendices
fatty layer
faulty instrument
fdg.pet standardized
feeding tube
feeding vessel
feet first
female anterior
female body
female breast
female chest
female external
female genital
female gonadal
female human
female internal
female pelvic
female superficial
female trunk
female urethral
femoral arterial
femoral branch
femoral lymph
femoral neural
femoral triangle
ferric ammonium
ferromagnetic implant
fetal biophysical
fetal heart
fetal non.stress
fetal renal
fewer than
fiat anatomical
fibers of
fibres of
fibrillary astrocytoma
fibrin sheath
fibrocartilaginous ring
fibrocystic background
fibroelastic component
fibroelastic membrane
fibroglandular homogeneous
fibrolamellar hepatocellular
fibromuscular part
fibrous adventitia
fibrous capsule
fibrous connective
fibrous layer
fibrous meningioma
fibular articular
fibular collateral
fibular division
fibular facet
fibularis brevis
fibularis longus
fibularis tertius
fibular segment
fibular sesamoid
fickle finger
field ca4
field h
fifth anterior
fifth cervical
fifth common
fifth dorsal
fifth finger
fifth intercostal
fifth interspinalis
fifth lateral
fifth lumbar
fifth medial
fifth metacarpal
fifth metatarsal
fifth posterior
fifth rib
fifth sacral
fifth thoracic
figure 3
figure 8
figure.8 sign
figure eight
figure.eight sign
figure e
figure.of.eight sign
filtering within
filum terminale
fimbriae of
fimbria of
final report
fine linear
fine line
fine needle
fine pleomorphic
fingernail of
first anterior
first belly
first cervical
first coccygeal
first common
first crus
first diagonal
first distal
first dorsal
first finger
first generation
first image
first intercostal
first interspinalis
first jejunal
first lateral
first left
first lumbar
first lumbrical
first marginal
first medial
first mediastinal
first metacarpal
first metatarsal
first obtuse
first palmar
first part
first plv
first posterior
first posterolateral
first proper
first rib
first right
first sacral
first short
first superior
first tendon
first thoracic
first transverse
fish hook
fissure for
fissure ligamentum
fissure of
fixed delay
fixed detector
fixed tube
flame shaped
flank stripe
flared mandible
flat bone
flat panel
flat tire
flat waist
fleischner sign
flesh of
fleshy part
flexible diffuser
flexible surface
flexion distraction
flexor accessorius
flexor carpi
flexor digiti
flexor digitorum
flexor hallucis
flexor pollicis
flexor retinacula
flexor tendon
floating aorta
floating myodil
floating tooth
floating viscera
flocculonodular lobe
flocculus of
flood fields
floor of
floppy thumb
floppy valve
flow direction
flow.induced .within.view.
flowing candle
flow related
flow.related ghost
flow separation
flow velocity
fluid.attenuated inversion
fluoroscopy image
focal amyloid
focal cortical
focal disc
focal dominant
focal hepatic
focal nodular
focal skin
focused ultrasound
folded lung
fold of
fold over
folds of
folia of
folium of
follicle of
follow up
foot long
foot longitudinal
foot or
footplate of
foramen caecum
foramen of
foraminal spinal
forced dorsiflexion
forceps major
forceps minor
foreign body
forel field
fornix .column
fornix .entering
fornix of
fossa for
fossa navicularis
fossa of
fountain decussation
fourier series
fourier transform
four.part sphincter
fourth anterior
fourth belly
fourth cervical
fourth coccygeal
fourth common
fourth distal
fourth dorsal
fourth finger
fourth generation
fourth intercostal
fourth interspinalis
fourth lateral
fourth left
fourth lumbar
fourth lumbrical
fourth medial
fourth metacarpal
fourth metatarsal
fourth palmar
fourth part
fourth posterior
fourth proper
fourth rib
fourth right
fourth sacral
fourth superior
fourth tendon
fourth thoracic
fourth toe
fourth ventricular
fovea for
fovea of
fractional anisotropy
fracture healing
fragmented stag
fragmented staghorn
free border
free disc
free edge
free.floating loose
free limb
free lower
free margin
free upper
frenulum of
frontal and
frontal belly
frontal brain
frontal branch
frontal crest
frontal diploic
frontal eminence
frontal eye
frontal foramen
frontal gyrus
frontal horn
frontal lobe
frontal margin
frontal medial
frontal neural
frontal operculum
frontal orbital
frontal pole
frontal process
frontal segment
frontal thalamic
frontal tributary
front of
frontoparietal brain
fronto parietal
frontopontine fibers
frontotemporal brain
frostberg inverted.3
frostberg inverted.three
full ring
full thickness
fully constrained
functional area
functional disorder
functional layer
functionally biscuspid
functional magnetic
functional mri
fundal part
fundamental gray
fundus of
funiculus of
fused physeal
fusiform layer
fuzzy fluid
gadoxetic acid
gallaudet fascia
gallbladder fat
gallbladder inertia
gallbladder or
gallbladder rim
gallstone in
gangliocytoma .who
ganglionic branches
ganglionic branch
ganglionic lamina
ganglionic layer
ganglion of
gantry tilt
garland triad
gartner duct
gasless abdomen
gas pipe
gastric areas
gastric branch
gastric bubble
gastric cannonball
gastric cardiac
gastric emptying
gastric feeding
gastric folds
gastric gland
gastric glands
gastric impression
gastric lymphatic
gastric lymph
gastric nerve
gastric neural
gastric outlet
gastric part
gastric pits
gastric stump
gastrocolic ligament
gastro.colic lymph
gastroduodenal arterial
gastroduodenal branch
gastroduodenal junction
gastro.epiploic lymph
gastrohepatic ligament
gastrointestinal string
gastrointestinal stromal
gastrointestinal system
gastrointestinal tract
gastrointestinal transit
gastro.omental lymphatic
gastro.omental lymph
gastrophrenic ligament
gastrosplenic ligament
gastrostomy.jejunostomy tube
gated nuclear
gating time
gaynor hart
gd scanning
gelatinosus thalamic
gelatinous nucleus
gelatinous subnucleus
gelatinous substance
gemellus inferior
gemellus superior
gemistocytic astrocytoma
general anesthesia
geniculate group
geniculocalcarine fibers
geniculotemporal fibers
geniculum of
genital branch
genital system
genitofemoral neural
gently lobulated
genu of
geographic destruction
gerdy tubercle
germ cell
germinal epithelium
ge rod
gestational trophoblastic
ghost vertebrae
giant cell
giant lymph
giant pyramidal
gibbs ringing
gigantocellular nuclear
gigantocellular reticular
gingival branches
gingival branch
g.j tube
gland of
glands of
glandular branch
glandular columnar
glandular part
glandular peripheral
glandular stroma
glans of
glenohumeral branch
glenohumeral joint
glenoidal rim
glenoid cavity
glenoid fossa
glenoid labrum
gliomatosis cerebri
gliosarcoma .who
globus pallidus
globus pallidus.
glomerular filtration
glomus tumor
glomus type
glossopharyngeal nerve
glossopharyngeal neural
glossopharyngeal part
glottic part
gloved finger
gluteal branch
gluteal lymphatic
gluteal lymph
gluteal tuberosity
gluteus maximus
gluteus medius
gluteus minimus
golden s
golf ball.on.a.tee
golf ball.on.tee
gonadal dysgenesis
gorham vanishing
gothic arch
gracile fascicle
gracile fasciculus
gracile nuclear
gracile nucleus
gracilespinal fibers
gracilis tendon
grade 1
grade i
grade ii
grade iii
grade iv
gradient amplifier
gradient and
gradient digitization
gradient distortion
gradient moment
gradient non.linearity
gradient nonlinearity
gradient power
graft versus
grande lobe
granular cell
granular cingulate
granular frontal
granular layer
granular retrolimbic
granulomatosis with
gravitational shift
gray commissure
gray communicating
gray matter
gray ramus
gray scale
grayson ligament
gray stria
gray substance
great anterior
great auricular
great cardiac
great cerebral
greater anterior
greater auricular
greater curvature
greater horn
greater occipital
greater omentum
greater palatine
greater pancreatic
greater pelvic
greater petrosal
greater posterior
greater sac
greater saphenous
greater sciatic
greater sigmoid
greater superficial
greater supraclavicular
greater than
greater thoracic
greater trochanteric
greater trochanter
greater tubercle
greater tuberosity
greater tympanic
greater vestibular
greater wing
great pancreatic
great sacrosciatic
great saphenous
great transverse
grey commissure
grey matter
grey ramus
grey substanceof
grey substance
groin lymph
groove for
groove of
ground glass
group iii
group ii
group i
group iv
growing calculus
growth hormone
growth rate
g..tube to
guide wire
gull wing
gustatory thalamic
gut.associated lymphoid
gyrus accessorius
gyrus descendens
gyrus occipitalis
gyrus of
h1 bundle
h1 field
h2 bundle
half field.of.view
half moon
halo sign
hamartoma of
hamate facet
hampton hump
hamulus of
handle of
hardware image
harlequin eye.
hb s
hb ss
head and
head cheese
head first
head location
head of
head pathophysiologic
head proper
head region
head segment
heel pad
helical ct
helical interpolation
helical scan
helicis major
helicis minor
helicobacter pylori
hematoma or
hematopoetic proliferative
hematopoietic proliferative
hemisphere of
hemoglobin s
hemoglobin s.s
hemolytic uremic
hemorrhage of
henschen schuller
henschen. schuller.
hepatic angle
hepatic arterial
hepatic artery
hepatic biliary
hepatic branches
hepatic branch
hepatic fat
hepatic flexure
hepatic lymphatic
hepatic lymph
hepatic plexus
hepatic portal
hepatic proper
hepatic vein
hepatic wedge
hepatobiliary contrast
hepatobiliary phase
hepatodiaphragmatic colonic
hepatoduodenal ligament
hepatoesophageal ligament
hepatogastric ligament
hepatopancreatic ampullary
hepatoportal lymphatic
hepatoportal lymph
hepatorenal recess
hepatovenous segment
hereditary cerebellar
hereditary multiple
herniated mediastinal
hernia through
heterogeneous anatomical
heterogeneous background
heterogeneous clusters
heterogeneous fibroglandular
heterogeneous internal
heterogeneous mass
heterogeneous non.mass
heubner recurrent
h field
hiatus for
hiatus of
hide.bound bowel
high.attenuating crescent
high collimator
high energy
higher.order visual
higher probability
highest mediastinal
highest nasal
highest nuchal
high.flow vascular
high frequency
high grade
high intensity
high.order shim
high posterior
high riding
high signal
high spatial
high suspicion
high.velocity signal
hiked.up renal
hilar branch
hilar comma
hilar lymph
hill.sachs deformity
hilum convergence
hilum of
hilum overlay
hilus of
hindbrain segment
hip impingement
hippocampus proper
hirtz modification
histiocytic necrotizing
histiocytic or
histologically confirmed
hockey stick
hold for
hollow tree
holly leaf
homogeneous background
homogeneous increased
homogeneous internal
homogeneous low
homogeneous marked
homogeneous mass
homogeneous non.mass
hook bundle
hook of
horizontal fissure
horizontal limb
horizontal long
horizontal plate
horizontal segment
hormonal pathophysiologic
hormone production
horn of
hot air
hot caudate
hot cross
hot nose
hot tissue
hounsfield unit
houston valve
h. pylori
h.shaped vertebral
human life
human processing
humeral avulsion
humeral head
humeroulnar head
h viii
hyaline cartilage
hybrid k.space
hybrid nuclear
hymen of
hyperattenuating crescent
hyperattenuating ring
hyperlucent hemithorax
hypernephroma halo
hypertrophic hypersecretory
hypertrophic non.obstructive
hypertrophic nonobstructive
hypertrophic obstructive
hypertrophic olivary
hypertrophic pseudomass
hypertrophic pyloric
hypertrophy of
hypervolemic pulmonary
hypochondriac part
hypogastric branch
hypogastric lymph
hypogastric part
hypoglossal nerve
hypoglossal neural
hyponichium of
hyponychium of
hypoplasia of
hypoplastic left
hypoproteinemic pulmonary
hypotensive nephrogram
hypothalamic branch
hypothalamic neuronal
hypothalamospinal fibers
i.123 carcinoembryonic
i.123 sodium
i.125 human
ice cream
idiopathic basal
idiopathic benign
idiopathic intracranial
idiopathic pulmonary
ileal branch
ileal lymphatic
ileal lymph
ileal mesentary
ileal mesentery
ileal papilla
ileal surface
ileal tributary
ileal ureter
ileocecal valvular
ileocolic arterial
ileocolic lymphatic
ileocolic lymph
ileocolic venous
iliac artery
iliac branch
iliac fascia
iliac lymph
iliocostalis cervicis
iliocostalis dorsi
iliocostalis lumborum
iliocostalis thoracis
iliohypogastric neural
ilioinguinal neural
iliopsoas.gluteus medius
image acquisition
image.based parallel
image center
image display
image harmonic
image interpretation
image processing
images printed
images ready
images stored
images under
image too
imaging acquisition
imaging domain
imaging observation
imaging procedure
imaging quality
imaging service
imaging technique
imaging visualization
imaging with
imaging without
immaterial anatomical
immaterial anatomic
immaterial physical
immune function
impedance control
inappropriate manual
incidental imaging
incisal margin
incisive branch
incisive foramen
incisive fossa
incisive suture
incomplete border
incomplete femoral
incomplete fissure
incomplete medullary
incomplete pulmonary
incomplete ring
incorrect accession
incorrect compensation
incorrect filter
incorrect marker
incorrect number
incorrect patient
increased intracranial
increase in
indefinite uterus
independent workstation
indeterminate or
india ink
indirect inguinal
indium.111 capromab
indium.111 imciromab
indium.111 satumomab
indium.111 white
individual organ
indrawn pleura
induratio penis
inert dust
infantile dermal
infantile hypertrophic
infarction of
infection by
infection due
infectious or
inferior abdominal
inferior alveolar
inferior anal
inferior anastomotic
inferior angle
inferior anterior
inferior aortic
inferior belly
inferior border
inferior brachial
inferior branches
inferior branch
inferior bulb
inferior calcaneal
inferior cardiac
inferior central
inferior cerebellar
inferior cerebral
inferior cervical
inferior choroid
inferior cluneal
inferior clunial
inferior collicular
inferior colliculus
inferior colliculus.
inferior compartment
inferior conjunctival
inferior constrictor
inferior dental
inferior diaphragmatic
inferior division
inferior duodenal
inferior epigastric
inferior extensor
inferior facet
inferior flap
inferior fovea
inferior frontal
inferior fronto.occipital
inferior ganglion
inferior gemellus
inferior genial
inferior gingival
inferior glandular
inferior glenohumeral
inferior gluteal
inferior head
inferior horn
inferior hypogastric
inferior hypophyseal
inferior ileocecal
inferior ileocolic
inferior infrapatellar
inferior internal
inferior ischial
inferior labial
inferior lamina
inferior laryngeal
inferior lateral
inferior left
inferior linear
inferior lingular
inferior lobar
inferior longitudinal
inferior lumbar
inferior macular
inferior major
inferior margin
inferior maxillary
inferior medial
inferior mediastinal
inferior medullary
inferior mental
inferior mesenteric
inferior mesentery
inferior mesial
inferior middle
inferior minor
inferior nasal
inferior nuchal
inferior oblique
inferior occipital
inferior occipitofrontal
inferior olivary
inferior olive
inferior olive.
inferior opening
inferior ophthalmic
inferior orbital
inferior palpebral
inferior pancreatic
inferior pancreaticoduodenal
inferior pancreatiosplenic
inferior para.aortic
inferior paraaortic
inferior parietal
inferior part
inferior patellar
inferior petrosal
inferior pharyngeal
inferior phrenic
inferior pole
inferior portion
inferior posterior
inferior pre.aortic
inferior pubic
inferior pulmonary
inferior pulvinar
inferior quadrigeminal
inferior radiation
inferior radioulnar
inferior recess
inferior rectal
inferior rectus
inferior region
inferior renal
inferior right
inferior root
inferior rotundal
inferior sagittal
inferior salivary
inferior salivatory
inferior segmental
inferior segment
inferior semilunar
inferior sphincter
inferior subscapular
inferior subtendinous
inferior suprarenal
inferior surface
inferior synovial
inferior systemic
inferior tarsal
inferior tarsus
inferior temporal
inferior terminal
inferior thalamic
inferior thalamostriate
inferior thyroid
inferior tracheobronchial
inferior transverse
inferior trunk
inferior tympanic
inferior ulnar
inferior vein
inferior vena
inferior ventricular
inferior vermian
inferior vesical
inferior vestibular
inferior white
inferior zone
inferolateral border
inferolateral surface
infero.lateral wall
inferolateral zone
inferomedial region
inferomedial segment
inferomedial to
inferosuperior axial
infiltrates wall
infiltrative hepatocellular
inflamed tissue
inflammatory bowel
inflammatory cancer
inflammatory esophagogastric
inflammatory fibroblastic
inflammatory fibroid
inflammatory myofibroblastic
info form
inf orb
infra.auricular lymph
infraauricular lymph
infraclavicular lymph
infraclavicular part
infracolic space
infracollicular part
infraglottic part
infrahyoid branch
infrahyoid lymph
inframammary part
infra.orbital canal
infra.orbital groove
infra.orbital margin
infra.orbital neural
infrapatellar branch
infrapatellar fat
infrapatellar pad
infrapyloric lymph
infrascapular branch
infrascapular part
infraspinal part
infraspinatus fossa
infraspinatus muscle
infraspinous fossa
infraspinous part
infratemporal crest
infratemporal fossa
infratemporal surface
infratrochlear neural
infundibular hypothalamic
infundibular periventricular
infundibular recess
infundibular stem
infundibulum of
inguinal fossa
inguinal lymph
inguinal part
initial enhancement
injury due
inner cortex
inner gland
inner granular
inner layer
inner limiting
inner medulla
inner medullary
inner molecular
innermost intercostal
inner muscle
inner nuclear
inner plexiform
inner region
inner sheath
inner spiral
inner stripe
inner zone
inspiration expiration
inspiratory breathhold
insula cortex
insular part
insular segment
intensity gradient
interalveolar septa
interarticular sacrococcygeal
interarytenoid part
interbundle region
intercalated amygdaloid
intercalated mammillary
intercalated masses
intercalated nuclei
intercalated nucleus
intercalate nucleus
intercarpal joint
intercarpal wrist
intercartilagenous part
intercondylar eminence
intercondylar part
intercondylar tubercle
intercondyloid eminence
intercostal branch
intercostal bulging
intercostal muscles
intercostal nerves
intercostal neural
intercostobrachial nerves
interfascicular nucleus
interganglionic branches
interganglionic branch
interiliac lymphatic
interiliac lymph
interlobar artery
interlobar branch
interlobar lymph
interlobar renal
interlobar vein
interlobular artery
interlobular bile
interlobular branch
interlobular renal
interlobular septal
interlobular stroma
interlobular vein
intermediate acoustic
intermediate analytical
intermediate atrial
intermediate belly
intermediate branch
intermediate cervical
intermediate colic
intermediate common
intermediate dorsal
intermediate external
intermediate femoral
intermediate frontal
intermediate ganglia
intermediate gray
intermediate grey
intermediate high
intermediate hypothalamic
intermediate ileal
intermediate investing
intermediate jejunal
intermediate lateral
intermediate linear
intermediate lumbar
intermediate lymph
intermediate major
intermediate mammillary
intermediate mesenteric
intermediate minor
intermediate nail
intermediate nucleus
intermediate oculomotor
intermediate orbital
intermediate part
intermediate perceptual
intermediate periventricular
intermediate postcentral
intermediate postvertebral
intermediate principal
intermediate reticular
intermediate sacral
intermediate short
intermediate signal
intermediate supraclavicular
intermediate temporal
intermediate white
intermediate zone
intermediolateral cell
intermediomedial branch
intermediomedial frontal
intermediomedial nucleus
intermembranous part
intermetacarpal joint
intermittent imaging
internal abdominal
internal acoustic
internal air
internal anal
internal arcuate
internal auditory
internal basilar
internal branch
internal capsule
internal carotid
internal cerebral
internal circular
internal cutaneous
internal fascia
internal genu
internal granular
internal gray
internal iliac
internal intercostal
internal jugular
internal laryngeal
internal layer
internal longitudinal
internally cooled
internally inserted
internal mammary
internal mammillary
internal maxillary
internal medullary
internal nasal
internal oblique
internal occipital
internal opening
internal part
internal plantar
internal pudendal
internal pyramidal
internal ramus
internal rf
internal rotation
internal sheath
internal sphincter
internal surface
internal thoracic
internal urethral
internal zone
interossei muscle
interosseous border
interosseous branch
interosseous capitohamate
interosseous crest
interosseous cuneocuboid
interosseous intercarpal
interosseous intercuneiform
interosseous intermetatarsal
interosseous ligament
interosseous membrane
interosseous muscle
interosseous naviculocuboid
interosseous nerve
interosseous of
interosseous sacroiliac
interosseous talocalcaneal
interosseous trapeziocapitate
interphalangeal joint
interpolar part
interpolar region
interpretation with
interradicular septa
interscalene triangle
interscapular part
interspinales cervicis
interspinales lumborum
interspinales thoracis
interspinalis cervicis
interspinalis lumborum
interspinalis thoracis
interstitial amygdaloid
interstitial gland
interstitial line
interstitial lung
interstitial nucleus
interstitial subdivision
interstitial tissue
intertendinous portion
intertragic notch
intertransversarii laterales
intertrochanteric crest
intertubercular groove
intertubercular region
intertubercular sheath
intertubercular sulcus
interval for
intervening anatomic
intervening foreign
interventional access
interventional procedure
interventional radiology
intervertebral disc
intervertebral level
intervertebral tributary
intestinal lymphatic
intestinal lymph
intestinal villi
intestinal villus
intra.acinar stroma
intra.aortic balloon
intraaortic balloon
intra.articular ligament
intraarticular osseous
intra.articular portion
intra.articular segment
intra.articular steroid.induced
intrabiventral fissure
intracapsular breast
intracapsular segment
intracapsular silicone
intracompartmental vasculature
intraconal space
intracranial branch
intracranial part
intracranial pressure
intracrural fissure
intraductal papillary
intraglandular lymph
intraglandular stroma
intrahepatic bile
intrahepatic biliary
intrahepatic branch
intrahepatic gas
intrahepatic portal
intrajugular process
intra lacrimal
intralaminar nuclear
intralaminar nuclei
intralaminar part
intralaminar thalamic
intralobular stroma
intramammary lymph
intramural part
intramural portion
intramuscular injection
intraocular part
intra.ocular part
intraosseous gas
intraosseous low
intraosseous well
intra pouch
intraprostatic ejaculatory
intraprostatic part
intrapulmonary lymph
intrarenal segment
intra salivary
intra sinus
intrathalamic fibers
intrathecal contrast
intra.tumoral air
intravascular phased
intravascular rotating
intra vas
intraventricular part
intravertebral disc
intravertebral vacuum
intrinsic ligament
intrinsic muscle
introitus of
invasion enhancement
invasion of
inverted 3
inverted napoleon
inverted three
inverted umbrella
inverted u
inverted v
investing abdominal
investing fascia
in vitro
in.vitro fertilization
invitro fertilization
iodinated contrast
iodine.123 phenylpentadecanoic
ionic gadolinium
ionic high.osmolality
ionic iodinated
ionic linear
ionic low.osmolality
ionic macrocyclic
iridial part
ir image
ir material
ir nursing
iron.rich cirrhosis.associated
ir patient
ir post.procedure
ir procedure
irregular connective
irritable bowel
ir room
ir tech
ischemic heart
ischial varus
ischiocavernosus branch
island of
islands of
islet cell
islets of
isocortex .sensu
isolated angiitis
isotope of
iso to
iso. to
isthmus of
iterative partial
iv contrast
iv injection
ivory phalanx
ivory vertebra
iv push
jail bars
jc crit
jejunal branch
jejunal lymphatic
jejunal lymph
jejunal mesentary
jejunal mesentery
joint of
jps 10
jps 11d
jps 11
jps 11p
jps 12a
jps 12p
jps 13a
jps 13b
jps 14d
jps 14p
jps 15
jps 16a1
jps 16a2
jps 16b1
jps 16b2
jps 16
jps 17a
jps 17b
jps 18
jps 5
jps 6
jps 7
jps 8a
jps 8p
jps 9
jps no.
jps no
jps no.18
jps no.5
jps no.8a
jugular lymphatic
jugular neural
jugular notch
jugular process
jugular tubercle
jugular venous
jugum of
junction of
juvenile aponeurotic
juvenile ossifying
juvenile rheumatoid
juvenile type
juxta.arterial ileal
juxta.arterial jejunal
juxta.arterial mesenteric
juxta.ileal lymphatic
juxta.ileal lymph
juxta.ileal mesenteric
juxta.intestinal lymphatic
juxta.intestinal lymph
juxta.intestinal mesenteric
juxta.jejunal lymphatic
juxta.jejunal lymph
juxta.jejunal mesenteric
juxta.oral organ
juxtaparacentral lobule
juxtaphrenic peak
juxtapositional lobule
juxtasellar segment
j wire
kemp harper
kemp. harper.
kerley a
kerley b
kerley c
kerma area
keyhole sign
kidney bean
kidney crescent
kidney function
kidney rim
kinetic energy
kinked chest
kinky chest
kissing sequestra
knee joint
knee part
kohlrausch fold
koniocellular layer
k.space.based parallel
kupffer cell
l1 branch
l1 root
l1 segment
l1 vertebral
l2 anterior
l2 branch
l2 posterior
l2 root
l2 segment
l2 sympathetic
l2 vertebral
l3 anterior
l3 branch
l3 posterior
l3 root
l3 segment
l3 sympathetic
l3 to
l3 vertebral
l4 anterior
l4 branch
l4 posterior
l4 root
l4 segment
l4 sympathetic
l4 vertebral
l5 anterior
l5 branch
l5 root
l5 segment
l5 vertebral
labial branches
labial branch
labial commissure
labial part
labial salivary
labial surface
labium majus
labium minus
labrum of
lab tests
labyrinthine arterial
labyrinthine segment
lace.like pattern
lacrimal arterial
lacrimal branch
lacrimal groove
lacrimal margin
lacrimal nerve
lacrimal neural
lacrimal notch
lacrimal orbital
lactiferous gland
lacunar.molecular layer
lambda sign
lambdoid border
lamellated or
lamina 1
lamina cribosa
lamina iii
lamina ii
lamina i
lamina iv
lamina ix
lamina of
lamina papyracea
lamina propria
laminar flow
lamina septi
lamina terminalis
lamina viii
lamina vii
lamina vi
lamina v
lamina x
langerhans cell
language of
laquerriere pierquin
large body
large bore
large cell
large.celled nucleus
large intestinal
large rod.like
laryngeal cartilage
laryngeal prominence
laryngopharyngeal branches
laryngopharyngeal branch
latarjet anterior
latarjet posterior
late arterial
late hepatic
lateral abdominal
lateral accessory
lateral ampullary
lateral amygdaloid
lateral angle
lateral antebrachial
lateral anterior
lateral aortic
lateral aperture
lateral area
lateral articular
lateral aspect
lateral atrial
lateral band
lateral basal
lateral belly
lateral bony
lateral border
lateral brachial
lateral branch
lateral bulboreticulospinal
lateral bundle
lateral c2
lateral calcaneal
lateral capsular
lateral caval
lateral cerebral
lateral cervical
lateral check
lateral chest
lateral circumflex
lateral collateral
lateral column
lateral common
lateral compartment
lateral conal
lateral condylar
lateral condyle
lateral cord
lateral corticospinal
lateral costal
lateral costotransverse
lateral crest
lateral cricoarytenoid
lateral crus
lateral cuneate
lateral cutaneous
lateral decubitus
lateral direct
lateral displaced
lateral division
lateral dorsal
lateral eminence
lateral epicondylar
lateral epicondyle
laterale pontine
lateral external
lateral facet
lateral fascial
lateral fasciculus
lateral femoral
lateral flexure
lateral frog
lateral frontobasal
lateral funiculus
lateral geniculate
lateral glandular
lateral globus
lateral glosso.epiglottic
lateral gray
lateral group
lateral habenular
lateral head
lateral horn
lateral hyperextension
lateral hypothalamic
lateral inferior
lateral inguinal
lateral intercondylar
lateral intermediate
lateral intermuscular
lateral internal
lateral lamella
lateral lamina
lateral left
lateral lemniscus
lateral lenticulostriate
lateral ligament
lateral lip
lateral lobe
lateral longitudinal
lateral lumbar
laterally displaced
laterally exaggerated
lateral mammary
lateral mammillary
lateral margin
lateral mediodorsal
lateral medullary
lateral membrane.
lateral membranous
lateral meniscopatellar
lateral meniscus
lateral mesencephalic
lateral metacarpophalangeal
lateral muscular
lateral nail
lateral nasal
lateral nuclear
lateral nucleus
lateral oblique
lateral occipital
lateral occipitoatlantal
lateral occipitotemporal
lateral olfactory
lateral orbital
lateral palpebral
lateral parabrachial
lateral paracolic
lateral paragigantocellular
lateral parolfactory
lateral part
lateral patellar
lateral patellofemoral
lateral patellomeniscal
lateral patellotibial
lateral pectoral
lateral pericardial
lateral pericuneate
lateral periolivary
lateral periprostatic
lateral perisplenic
lateral pes
lateral pharyngeal
lateral plantar
lateral pontine
lateral posterior
lateral preoptic
lateral principal
lateral process
lateral proper
lateral prostatic
lateral pterygoid
lateral puboprostatic
lateral pulvinar
lateral pyramidal
lateral ramus
lateral raphespinal
lateral recess
lateral rectus
lateral region
lateral reticular
lateral reticulospinal
lateral retropharyngeal
lateral right
lateral root
lateral rostrotemporal
lateral rotation
lateral rotundal
lateral sacral
lateral sacrococcygeal
lateral segmental
lateral segment
lateral semicircular
lateral septal
lateral sesamoid
lateral spinothalamic
lateral spot
lateral subdivision
lateral subnucleus
lateral subtendinous
lateral superficial
lateral superior
lateral supine
lateral supraclavicular
lateral sural
lateral surface
lateral synovial
lateral talocalcaneal
lateral tarsal
lateral tectobulbar
lateral tendon
lateral terminal
lateral thalamic
lateral third
lateral thoracic
lateral thyrohyoid
lateral tibial
lateral tributary
lateral tuberal
lateral tubercle
lateral ulnar
lateral umbilical
lateral vein
lateral ventral
lateral ventricular
lateral vertical
lateral vesical
lateral vesicular
lateral vestibular
lateral vestibulospinal
lateral wall
lateral white
lateral zone
latero.aortic lymph
lateroaortic lymph
laterodorsal nucleus.
laterodorsal tegmental
laterodorsal thalamic
latero.medial oblique
lateromedial oblique
lateroposterior tegmental
late venous
late washout
latissimus dorsi
lattisimus dorsi
lauenstein hickey
launch application
layer iii
layer ii
layer i
layer iv
layer of
layer vii
layer vi
layer v
lead pipe
leafless tree
leaflet of
leaf of
least splanchnic
least thoracic
lecomte pronator
led breathing
left a1
left abducens
left abductor
left accessory
left acromioclavicular
left acromion
left adductor
left adrenal
left alar
left albal
left anconeus
left angular
left ankle
left anococcygeal
left ansa
left ansiform
left anterior
left anterodorsal
left anteroinferior
left anterolateral
left anteromedial
left anteroventral
left apex
left apical
left arcuate
left area
left arteria
left articularis
left ascending
left atrial
left auditory
left auricular
left auricularis
left auriculotemporal
left axillary
left band
left basal
left base
left basilic
left basis
left bending
left biceps
left big
left biliary
left biventer
left brachial
left brachialis
left brachioradialis
left branch
left brodmann
left bronchial
left bronchopulmonary
left buccal
left buccinator
left bulbospongiosus
left bulbo.urethral
left bundle
left calcarine
left callosomarginal
left canal
left cardiac
left cardial
left cardiophrenic
left caroticotympanic
left carotid
left carpal
left caudal
left caudate
left caudomedial
left cavernous
left central
left centromedian
left cephalic
left cerebellar
left cerebral
left cervical
left cervicothoracic.brachial
left cervicothoracic
left chorda
left ciliary
left cingulate
left cingulum
left circumflex
left claustral
left clavicle
left clinical
left coccygeal
left cochlear
left colic
left collicular
left commissural
left common
left conjoint
left coraco.acromial
left coracoacromial
left coracobrachialis
left coracoclavicular
left coracohumeral
left coracoid
left core
left cornu
left corona
left coronary
left coronoid
left cortical
left corticobulbar
left corticoreticulospinal
left corticorubrospinal
left corticospinal.corticobulbar
left corticospinal
left corticotectal
left corticotectospinal
left costo.axillary
left costocervical
left costoclavicular
left costophrenic
left cruciate
left crus
left cubital
left cuneate
left cuneiform
left cuneocerebellar
left cuneus
left deep
left deltoid
left dentate
left dentatothalamic
left diagonal
left diaphragmatic
left diffuse
left digastric
left distal
left dominant
left dorsal
left dorsolateral
left dorsomedial
left duct
left eighth
left elbow
left eleventh
left emboliform
left entorhinal
left episcleral
left esophageal
left extensor
left external
left extraperitoneal
left extreme
left facial
left fasciculus
left fasciola
left fasciolar
left fastigial
left female
left femoral
left fibula
left fibular
left fibularis
left fibulocollateral
left field
left fifth
left first
left flexor
left flocculus
left foot
left fornix
left fourth
left frenulum
left frontal
left frontomarginal
left fusiform
left gastric
left gastrocnemius
left gastro.epiploic
left gastroepiploic
left gastro.omental
left gastropancreatic
left gemellus
left geniculate
left genioglossus
left genitofemoral
left gigantocellular
left glenohumeral
left glenoid
left globose
left globus
left glossopharyngeal
left gluteus
left gonadal
left gracile
left gracilis
left great
left greater
left gyrus
left habenulo.interpeduncular
left half
left hand
left hemiliver
left hemisphere
left hemispheric
left hemithorax
left hepatic
left hesselbach
left higher.order
left h
left hilar
left hip
left hippocampal
left hippocampus
left humeral
left hypochondriac
left hypochondrium
left hypoglossal
left iliac
left iliacus
left iliocostalis
left iliohypogastric
left ilioinguinal
left iliopsoas
left iliopubic
left iliotibial
left induseum
left inferior
left inferolateral
left infraclavicular
left infracolic
left infraglenoid
left inframammary
left infra.orbital
left infraorbital
left infrascapular
left infraspinatus
left infraspinous
left infratrochlear
left inguinal
left innermost
left insular
left intercalated
left intercollicular
left intercostal
left interfoveolar
left interlobar
left interlobular
left intermediate
left intermediolateral
left intermediomedial
left intermedius
left internal
left interosseous
left interpeduncular
left interscalene
left interspinalis
left interstitial
left interventricular
left intestinal
left intracalcarine
left intralimbic
left island
left jugular
left juxtarestiform
left knee
left l1
left l2
left l3
left l4
left labium
left labyrinthine
left lacrimal
left lamina
left lateral
left latissimus
left least
left leg
left lenticular
left lentiform
left lesser
left levatores
left levator
left limbic
left limitans
left lingual
left little
left lobar
left lobe
left lobule
left locus
left long
left longissimus
left longitudinal
left longus
left lower
left lumbar
left lumbosacral
left lymphatic
left main
left major
left male
left mamillothalamic
left mammillary
left mammillotegmental
left mammillothalamic
left mandibular
left marginal
left masseteric
left maxillary
left medial
left median
left mediastinal
left medullary
left meniscofemoral
left meniscotibial
left mental
left mesencephalic
left middle
left midgland
left mid
left minor
left motor
left multifidus
left muscular
left musculocutaneous
left musculophrenic
left mylohyoid
left nasociliary
left nasofrontal
left nasopalatine
left neurovascular
left ninth
left nucleus
left o4
left oblique
left obliquus
left obturator
left occipital
left oculomotor
left olecranon
left olfactory
left olivary
left olivocerebellar
left olivocochlear
left olivospinal
left omohyoid
left ophthalmic
left opponens
left optic
left oral
left orbital
left otic
left ovarian
left ovary
left pallidohabenular
left pallidotegmental
left palmar
left palmaris
left parabigeminal
left paracentral
left paraesophageal
left parafascicular
left paraflocculus
left parahippocampal
left paramedian
left paranephric
left pararectal
left pararenal
left paraspinal
left parataenial
left paratenial
left paraterminal
left paratrigeminal
left paraventricular
left paravertebral
left paravesical
left parietal
left parotid
left part
left parvicellular
left parvocellular
left patella
left patellar
left pateller
left patellofemoral
left pectineus
left pectoralis
left pectoral
left peduncle
left pedunculopontine
left perforating
left periamygdaloid
left pericallosal
left pericardiacophrenic
left pericardial
left perineal
left peripeduncular
left peripheral
left periphrenic
left perirenal
left peritrigeminal
left peroneus
left pes
left phrenic
left piriformis
left piriform
left pisohamate
left pisometacarpal
left plantaris
left pleural
left polar
left pontine
left pontobulbar
left pontomesencephalic
left popliteal
left popliteofibular
left popliteomeniscal
left popliteus
left portal
left postcentral
left postcommissural
left posterior
left posteroinferior
left posterolateral
left posteromarginal
left posteromedial
left posterosuperior
left posteroventral
left precentral
left precommissural
left predorsal
left prefrontal
left prehippocampal
left premotor
left preolivary
left pre.optic
left prepyriform
left pre.scalene
left prescalene
left pre.subgenual
left primary
left principal
left pronator
left prostatic
left proximal
left psoas
left pterygoid
left pterygopalatine
left pubocervical
left puboprostatic
left pudendal
left pulmonary
left pulmonic
left pulmopleural
left pyramidalis
left pyramidal
left quadratus
left quadriceps
left radial
left radiate
left rectal
left rectouterine
left rectus
left recurrent
left red
left renal
left reticulotegmental
left retrocommissural
left retromandibular
left retro.olivary
left retropectoralis
left retropubic
left rhomboideus
left rhomboid
left rolandic
left rostral
left rostromedial
left rostrotemporal
left rotation
left round
left rubrospinal
left s1
left s2
left s3
left s4
left s5
left saccular
left sacral
left sacrogenital
left sagittal
left saphenous
left sartorius
left scalene
left scalenus
left scapular
left sciatic
left scleral
left second
left secondary
left segmental
left segment
left semilunar
left semimembranosus
left semimembranosus.tibial
left semimembranous
left seminal
left semioval
left semispinalis
left semitendinosus
left septofimbrial
left serratus
left set
left seventh
left short
left shoulder
left side
left simple
left sixth
left slf
left soleus
left solitary
left somatic
left sphenoethmoid
left sphenoid
left spinal
left spinalis
left spinocortical
left spinoglenoid
left spino.olivary
left spinotectal
left spinothalamic
left spiral
left splenial
left splenius
left stapedius
left sternal
left sternoclavicular
left sternocleidomastoid
left straight
left stratum
left stria
left striate
left stylohyoid
left stylomastoid
left subacromial
left subcallosal
left subcentral
left subclavian
left subclavius
left subcostales
left subcostal
left subcuneiform
left subcutaneous
left subdeltoid
left subfascicular
left subgenual
left subhepatic
left subicular
left sublentiform
left sublingual
left submandibular
left submedial
left suboccipital
left subphrenic
left subscapular
left subscapularis
left substantia
left subsuperior
left subtendinous
left subthalamic
left superciliary
left superficial
left superior
left supinator
left supplemental
left supplementary
left supracalcarine
left supracallosal
left suprachiasmatic
left supraclavicular
left suprageniculate
left supraglenoid
left supramammillary
left supramarginal
left supra.optic
left supraoptic
left supraopticohypophysial
left supra.orbital
left supraorbital
left suprapatellar
left suprarenal
left suprascapular
left supraspinatus
left supraspinous
left supratrochlear
left supravesical
left sural
left sympathetic
left t10
left t11
left t12
left t1
left t2
left t3
left t4
left t5
left t6
left t7
left t8
left t9
left tectobulbar
left tectopontine
left tectospinal
left temporal
left temporalis
left temporomandibular
left tendinous
left tensor
left tenth
left tentorial
left teres
left testicular
left thalamic
left thalamogeniculate
left thalamoperforating
left thalamotuberal
left thigh
left third
left thoracic
left thoraco.acromial
left thoracodorsal
left thoracoepigastric
left thymic
left thyrocervical
left thyroid
left tibial
left tibialis
left tibiofemoral
left tonsil
left tracheobronchial
left transverse
left transversus
left trapezius
left trapezoid
left triangular
left triceps
left trigeminal
left trochlear
left tuber
left tuberomammillary
left twelfth
left tympanic
left ulnar
left umbilical
left uncal
left uncinate
left uncus
left upper
left ureteral
left ureteric
left uterine
left uterosacral
left uterotubal
left uterovesical
left utricular
left utriculo.ampullary
left vagal
left vagus
left variant
left vastus
left ventral
left ventricular
left ventrolateral
left ventromedial
left vertebral
left vestibular
left vestibulocerebellar
left vestibulocochlear
left vestibulospinal
left wrist
left zona
left zygomatic
leg pedaling
lemniscus of
lenticular fasciculus
lenticular process
lenticulothalamic part
lentiform nucleus
leonard george
leptomenigeal sac
leptomeningeal sac
lesional iron
lesion effect
lesion enhancement
lesion matrix
lesion rim
lesion substance
lesion transition
lesser curvature.gastrohepatic
lesser curvature
lesser curve.gastrohepatic
lesser horn
lesser occipital
lesser omentum
lesser palatine
lesser petrosal
lesser sac
lesser saphenous
lesser sciatic
lesser sigmoid
lesser splanchnic
lesser supraclavicular
lesser thoracic
lesser trochanter
lesser tubercle
lesser tuberosity
lesser tympanic
lesser vestibular
lesser wing
less invasive
less than
levator anguli
levatores costarum
levator glandulae
levator labii
levator palpebrae
levator scapulae
levator sling
levator veli
lewis and
lewis holly
life buoy
ligament of
ligament organ
ligaments of
ligamentum collaterale
ligamentum teres
light bulb
limbic lobe
limb neural
limb of
limbus of
limen of
limited imaging
limiting lamina
limy bile
lincoln log
linea aspera
linear array
linear attenuation
linear detection
linear nuclear
linear resistive
linear shim
linear transmission
line of
line profile
lingual branches
lingual branch
lingual canal
lingual cusp
lingual lymph
lingual neural
lingual salivary
lingual surface
lingual transverse
lingula gyrus
lingula inferior
lingula of
lingular bronchus
lingular inferior
lingular superior
lingula superior
lip of
little finger
little leaguer
little toe
liver hypertrophic
liver imaging
liver score
lobar artery
lobar branch
lobar lymph
lobe of
lobular capillary
lobular core
lobular organ
lobular segment
lobule h
lobule i
lobule ii
lobule iii
lobule iv
lobule ix
lobule of
lobules ii.
lobules iv.
lobules viiia.
lobule viiaf
lobule viia
lobule viiat
lobule viib
lobule vii
lobule viii
lobule vi
lobule v
lobule x
localized gradient
localized receive
localized transmit
local tumor
loin pain
lollipop sign
long association
long bone
long buccal
long cerebral
long ciliary
long descending
long feeding
long gyrus
long head
long insular
longissimus capitis
longissimus cervicis
longissimus dorsi
longissimus thoracis
longitudinal arch
longitudinal canals
longitudinal duct
longitudinal fasciculus
longitudinal fibers
longitudinal fold
longitudinal layer
longitudinal muscle
longitudinal pontine
longitudinal tube
long limb
long pitch
long plantar
long posterior
long process
long radiolunate
long rotator
long subscapular
long thoracic
long tube
longus capitis
longus capitus
longus colli
long vincula
long white
loop of
loose connective
loose endoabdominal
loose endominal
loose endopelvic
lorenz lilienfeld
loss of
low adc
low anterior
low collimator
low energy
lower abdominal
lower anterior
lower band
lower branch
lower deep
lower edge
lower esophageal
lower extremity
lower fibers
lower gastrointestinal
lower gi
lower head
lower ileocolic
lower inner
lower lateral
lower leg
lower lobar
lower lobe
lower lung
lower outer
lower para.aortic
lower paratracheal
lower part
lower pole
lower portion
lower posterior
lower pre.aortic
lower quadrant
lower region
lower respiratory
lower subscapular
lower systemic
lower trunk
lower uterine
lower zone
low.flow vascular
low frequency
low grade
low intensity
low.pass frequency
low profile
low riding
low signal
low spatial
lucent cleft
lucent liver
lumbar arterial
lumbar facet
lumbar ganglia
lumbar ganglion
lumbar interspinous
lumbar intervertebral
lumbar lymphatic
lumbar lymph
lumbar neural
lumbar part
lumbar peri.aortic
lumbar radiculopathy
lumbar rotator
lumbar segment
lumbar segments
lumbar spinal
lumbar spine
lumbar splanchnic
lumbar subsegment
lumbar sympathetic
lumbar venous
lumbar vertebral
lumbo.aortic lymph
lumbosacral enlargement
lumbosacral plexus
lumbosacral spine
lumbothoracic vertebral
lumbrical muscle
lumbrical of
lumen of
lumen proper
lumen with
lunate fossa
lunate surface
lung nodule
lung or
lung wall
lunogracile fissure
lun triq
lunula of
lutetium yttrium
lying.down adrenal
lymphatc chain
lymphatic chain
lymphatic tree
lymphatic trunk
lymphatic vessel
lymphatic vessels
lymph node
lymph nodes
lymphocytic interstitial
lymphocytic plasmacytic
lymphoid interstitial
lymphoid nodule
lymphoplasmacyte.rich meningioma
lynph nodes
lysosomal storage
m0 distant
m1 distant
m1 segment
m2 segment
m3 segment
m4 segment
macroscopic motion
macula cribrosa
macula of
magic angle
magnetic field
magnetic resonance
magnetite albumin
magnocellular division
magnocellular layer
magnocellular mediodorsal
magnocellular nucleus
magnocellular part
magnocellular subnucleus
magnus raphe
maiden waist
main component
main en
main olivary
main pancreatic
main portal
main prostatic
main pulmonary
main segment
main sensory
main superior
main synovial
major alar
major calyx
major circulus
major duodenal
major features
major liver
major renal
major salivary
major sublingual
malar lymph
male anterior
male body
male breast
male chest
male external
male genital
male gonadal
male human
male internal
male pelvic
male superficial
male trunk
male urethral
malignant fibrous
malignant histiocytosis
malignant neoplasm
malignant neoplastic
malignant odontogenic
malignant optic
malignant otitis
malignant peripheral
malignant stromal
malignant tumor
malleolar groove
malleolar prominence
malleolar stria
malleolar sulcus
mammary branch
mammary nerves
mammary tributary
mammelon of
mammillary level
mammillary nucleus
mammillary princeps
mammillothalamic tract
mandibular dental
mandibular division
mandibular fossa
mandibular lymph
mandibular mantle
mandibular nerve
mandibular neural
manganese.iii. tetra..4.
manual pressure
marginal artery
marginal branch
marginal colic
marginal coronary
marginal mandibular
marginal nucleus
marginal part
marginal ridge
marginal surface
marginal zone
margin of
marked t2
marked washout
marking for
mass enhancement
masseteric nerve
masseteric neural
masseteric tuberosity
mass heterogeneous
mass homogeneous
mass in
mass internal
massive osteolysis
master knot
mastoid air
mastoid border
mastoid branch
mastoid lymph
mastoid notch
mastoid process
mastoid segment
mastoid wall
material anatomical
material anatomic
maxillary dental
maxillary division
maxillary hiatus
maxillary nerve
maxillary neural
maxillary surface
maxillary tuberosity
maximum intensity
mca dot
mean transit
mean value
measured attenuation
mechanical sector
meconium ileus
medial accessory
medial amygdaloid
medial angle
medial ankle
medial antebrachial
medial anterior
medial arcuate
medial area
medial articular
media layer
medial band
medial basal
medial belly
medial border
medial brachial
medial branch
medial bundle
medial c2
medial calcaneal
medial canthic
medial cervical
medial circumflex
medial clunial
medial collateral
medial column
medial common
medial compartment
medial condylar
medial condyle
medial cord
medial coronary
medial crural
medial crus
medial cutaneous
medial division
medial dorsal
medial eminence
medial end
medial epicondylar
medial epicondyle
medial external
medial facet
medial fascial
medial fasciculus
medial .fastigial.
medial femoral
medial forebrain
medial frontal
medial frontobasal
medial geniculate
medial globus
medial group
medial habenular
medial head
medial inferior
medial inguinal
medial intercondylar
medial intermuscular
medial internal
medial lacunar
medial lamina
medial lemniscus
medial lenticulostriate
medial ligament
medial lip
medial longitudinal
medial lumbar
medial lymph
medial magnocellular
medial malleolar
medial mammary
medial mammillary
medial margin
medial medullary
medial meniscofemoral
medial meniscotibial
medial metacarpophalangeal
medial motor
medial muscular
medial nasal
medial nuclear
medial nucleus
medial occipital
medial occipitotemporal
medial oculomotor
medial olfactory
medial orbital
medial orbitofrontal
medial palmar
medial palpebral
medial parabrachial
medial paracolic
medial parolfactory
medial part
medial patellar
medial patellofemoral
medial patellomeniscal
medial patellotibial
medial pectoral
medial pericuneate
medial pes
medial plantar
medial popliteal
medial posterior
medial preoptic
medial process
medial proper
medial prosencephalic
medial pterygoid
medial puboprostatic
medial pubovesical
medial pulvinar
medial rectus
medial region
medial reticular
medial reticulospinal
medial retropharyngeal
medial root
medial rostrotemporal
medial rotation
medial rotundal
medial sacral
medial segmental
medial segment
medial septal
medial sesamoid
medial striate
medial stripe
medial subdivision
medial subnucleus
medial subtendinous
medial superior
medial supraclavicular
medial sural
medial surface
medial talocalcaneal
medial tarsal
medial tendon
medial terminal
medial thalamic
medial third
medial tibial
medial tributary
medial tubercle
medial ulnar
medial umbilical
medial vein
medial ventral
medial vestibular
medial vestibulospinal
medial wall
medial white
medial zone
median antebrachial
median antecubital
median aperture
median callosal
median commissural
median cricothyroid
median cubital
median eminence
median glosso.epiglottic
median lobe
median nerve
median neural
median nuclei
median nucleus
median palatine
median preoptic
median raphe
median ridge
median root
median sulcus
median thyrohyoid
median umbilical
mediastinal branch
mediastinal lymphatic
mediastinal lymph
mediastinal space
mediastinum of
medical record
medical renal
mediodorsal thalamic
medio.lateral oblique
mediolateral oblique
medium collimator
medium energy
medium initial
medulla oblongata
medulla of
medulla part
medullary branch
medullary central
medullary oblongata
medullary raphe
medullary ray
medullary rays
medullary reticular
medullary reticulospinal
medullary segment
medullary sensory
medullary sponge
medullary striae
medullary stria
medullary vein
medulla segment
medulloblastoma .who
medulloblastoma with
medulloepithelioma .who
medullomyoblastoma .who
medusa head
medusa locks
melanocytic medulloblastoma
melanotic peripheral
melanotic psammomatous
membrane organ
membranous interventricular
membranous lamina
membranous layer
membranous organ
membranous part
membranous portion
meningeal branch
meningioma .who
meningioma who
meningo.orbital foramen
meningothelial meningioma
meniscofemoral ligament
meniscus of
mental branches
mental branch
mental neural
mental protuberance
mental tubercle
mercedes benz
merchant 30
merchant 45
merchant 60
merchants 30
merchants 45
merchants 60
meridional fibers
mesencephalic corticonuclear
mesencephalic nucleus
mesencephalic root
mesencephalic tract
mesencephalic trigeminal
mesenchymal hamartoma
mesenteric border
mesenteric lymphatic
mesenteric lymph
mesenteric spoke
mesenteric spokewheel
mesenteric vein
mesentery of
mesial fovea
mesial root
mesial surface
mesiobuccal cusp
mesiobuccal root
mesiolingual cusp
mesiolingual root
mesiopalatal cusp
mesocolic lymphatic
mesocolic lymph
mesothelium of
mesovarian border
mesovarian margin
metabolic bone
metacarpal bone
metacarpal communicating
metacarpal phalangeal
metacarpophalangeal joint
metaphysis of
metaplastic meningioma
metastasis by
metastatic bone
metatarsal bone
metencephalic part
metencephalon part
meyer loop
meynert retroflex
mickey mouse
microbubble transpulmonary
microcalcifications in
microcalcifications out
microcystic meningioma
microscopic irregularities
microscopic motion
microvillus columnar
midbrain reticular
midbrain segment
midbrain tectum
midbrain tegmentum
mid circumflex
midcolic lymphatic
midcolic lymph
middle aged
middle anterior
middle aortic
middle articular
middle calcaneal
middle calcanean
middle cardiac
middle cerebellar
middle cerebral
middle cervical
middle cingulate
middle colic
middle collateral
middle component
middle constrictor
middle crest
middle ear
middle facet
middle free
middle frontal
middle genicular
middle glenohumeral
middle gray
middle hepatic
middle internal
middle layer
middle lobar
middle lobe.1
middle lobe
middle macular
middle mediastinal
middle meningeal
middle molecular
middle muscle
middle nasal
middle occipital
middle of
middle palpebral
middle para.aortic
middle paraaortic
middle part
middle phalanx
middle pharyngeal
middle pole
middle posterior
middle pre.aortic
middle preaortic
middle rectal
middle region
middle scalene
middle segment
middle short
middle spinal
middle subscapular
middle superior
middle suprarenal
middle temporal
middle thalamic
middle third
middle thyroid
middle transverse
middle trunk
middle white
middle zone
mid.gland of
mid left
midline nuclear
midline nuclei
mid lung
mid prostatic
mid.right coronary
midsternal stripe
migrated disc
migrating staple
mild central
mild.moderate t2
mild.to.moderate t2
mild washout
milk of
mimics another
mineral deposition
mineral oil
minimum intensity
minor alar
minor calyx
minor circulus
minor duodenal
minor renal
minor salivary
minor sublingual
misalignment of
miscellaneous organic
mismatch order
mitral valve
mixed background
mixed communicating
mixed cystic
mixed enhancement
mixed germ
mixed lytic
mixed mullerian
mixed sclerotic
mobile arrive
mobile leave
modality scheduled
modality to
moderate central
moderately ill
moderately ill.defined
moderately irregular
moderately smooth
moderately well
moderately well.defined
modic 1
modic 2
modic 3
modified bruce
modified cleaves
modified law
modified parietoacanthial
modified pawlow
modified prone
modified titterington
modified towne
modified waters
modiolus of
molar salivary
molar tooth
molar tubercle
molecular layer
monitored anesthesia
monomeric iodinated
monosodium urate
mons pubis
moon crescent
more than
mosaic attenuation
most recent
motheaten bone
motion artifact
motion related
motion shear
motor branch
motor decussation
motor nucleus
motor root
mount fuji
mouth to
mr attenuation
mr coil
mr echo
mr imaging
mr preparation
mr primary
mr procedure
mr reconstruction
mr tissue
mucinous cystic
mucinous macrocystic
mucocutaneous lymph
mucoid degeneration
mucopolysaccharidosis type
mucosa.associated lymphoid
mucosal fold
mucosal folds
mucosal gland
mucosal stripe
mucosa of
mucous gland
mucous membrane
mucus escape
mullerian duct
multi.detector ct
multi.detector row
multi.element detection
multi element
multi.element transmission
multifidus cervicis
multifidus lumborum
multifidus spinae
multifidus thoracis
multiform lamina
multiform layer
multilocular cystic
multinuclear detection
multinuclear transmission
multiple acquisition
multiple areas
multiple coil
multiple concentric
multiple lesions
multiple region
multiple regions
multiple spinal
multiple states
multiple studies
multiple system
mural mesenteric
murphy sign
muscle body
muscle fiber
muscle layer
muscle of
muscle organ
muscles of
muscle tissue
muscular branches
muscular branch
muscular coat
muscular fascia
muscular interventricular
muscularis mucosae
muscular layer
muscular organ
muscular part
muscular process
muscular tissue
muscular tributary
musculature of
musculocutaneous nerve
musculocutaneous neural
musculophrenic arterial
musculoskeletal crescent
musculoskeletal stress
musculus accessories
musculus uvulae
mx distant
mylohyoid branch
mylohyoid groove
mylohyoid line
mylohyoid neural
mylopharyngeal part
myocardial infarction
myocardium layer
myometrium of
myositic form
myxoid malignant
myxopapillary ependymoma
n0 lymph
n1 lymph
n.2 ghost
n2 lymph
n3 lymph
naclerio v
nail bed
nail fold
nail germinal
nail plate
nail root
nail wall
naked facet
named imaging
napkin ring
napoleon hat
narrowing of
nasal branch
nasal crest
nasal glial
nasal margin
nasal notch
nasal part
nasal septal
nasal septum
nasal spine
nasal surface
nasociliary neural
nasoenteric feeding
nasolabial lymph
naso.pharyngeal lymphoid
nasopharyngeal lymphoid
nasopharyngeal soft.tissue
naughton protocol
navicular bone
navicular fat
navicular fossa
neck of
neck proper
necrotizing fasciitis
needle core
negative bowel
negative ulnar
neither smooth
neither well
neither well.
neodentate part
neodentate portion
neonatal small
nephrostomy tube
nephroureteral stent
nerve fiber
nerve network
nerve of
nerve proper
nerve root
nerve sheath
nerve to
nerve trunk
nervous system
neural fibers
neural layer
neural lobe
neural network
neural plexus
neural plexuses
neural roots
neural tissue
neural tree
neural tube
neuraxis fibers
neurofibromatosis type
neurofibroma .who
neurogenic bladder
neurogenic pulmonary
neuroglial network
neuronal component
neuronal intestinal
neuronal or
neurovascular bundle
neutral rotation
new diagnosis
ninth anterior
ninth cranial
ninth intercostal
ninth rib
ninth thoracic
nipple of
nitroxide stable
nitroxyl spin
no. 10
no. 11d
no. 11
no. 11p
no. 12a
no. 12b
no. 12p
no. 13a
no. 13b
no. 14a
no. 14b
no. 14c
no. 14d
no. 14
no. 14p
no. 14v
no. 15
no. 16a1
no. 16a2
no. 16a
no. 16b1
no. 16b2
no. 16b
no. 16c
no. 17a
no. 17b
no. 17
no. 18
no. 5
no. 6
no. 7
no.8a hepatic
no. 8p
no. 9
no breathhold
node of
no discernible
nodular lymphoid
nodular regenerative
nodule.like arterial
nodule of
nodulus of
no effect
nonarticular part
non.articular part
non ats
non.ats thoracic
non.cartesian k.space
nonenhancing capsule
nonenhancing central
nonenhancing internal
nonglandular part
non.hcc liver
non.hcc malignancy
nonhyperfunctioning neuroendocrine
noninvoluting congenital
nonionic gadolinium
non.ionic iodinated
non.ionic iso.osmolar
nonionic linear
non.ionic low.osmolality
nonionic macrocyclic
non.iterative partial
nonkeratinizing stratified
non.langerhans cell
non.linear shim
non.mass enhancement
non.mass heterogeneous
non.mass homogeneous
non.mass internal
non.material physical
nonoxidant aerosol
nonoxidant gas
nonpapillary renal
non.pathological condition
nonperipheral washout
non.peritoneal surface
non.physical anatomic
non.pulsed current
nonrim arterial
non.selective radiofrequency
non.selective rf
non.seminomatous germ
non.solid pulmonary
non.spatially selective
non.specific destruction
nonspecific interstitial
nonspecific thalamic
non.thrombolytic therapeutic
non.tunneled catheter
non.tunneled central
non.uniformity in
non.uniform signal
non.uniform slice
no posterior
normal perilesional
normal pressure
notched ureter
notch for
notch in
notch of
notch region
notch zone
not circumscribed
not curcumscribed
nothc in
nothing by
not parallel
not requiring
noyau centre
nuchal fold
nuchal translucency
nuclear accumbens
nuclear collimator
nuclear complex
nuclear crystal
nuclear detector
nuclear imaging
nuclear medicine
nuclear solid
nuclei of
nucleus cornucommissuralis
nucleus intercalatus
nucleus of
nucleus proprius
nucleus pulposus
nucleus raphe
nucleus ventrooralis
number of
nutrient artery
nutrient branch
nvb of
nx lymph
oat cell
oblique arytenoid
oblique band
oblique cord
oblique fibers
oblique fibres
oblique head
oblique intermeniscal
oblique line
oblique meniscomeniscal
oblique muscle
oblique part
oblique pericardial
oblique popliteal
oblique portion
oblique ridge
oblique upright
oblique vein
obliquus capitis
oblong fovea
obscured outer
obscurus raphe
obsolete radlex
obstructs biliary
obtain vascular
obturator externus
obturator internus
obturator lymphatic
obturator lymph
obturator neural
obtuse marginal
occipital belly
occipital brain
occipital branch
occipital condyle
occipital diploic
occipital fusiform
occipital horn
occipital lobe
occipital lymph
occipital margin
occipital pole
occipital segment
occipital stripe
occipital thalamic
occipitopontine fibers
occipitotectal fibers
occipitotemporal area
occipitotemporal branch
occlusal curves
occlusal fissure
occlusal fossa
occlusal ridge
occlusal surface
occlusive dressing
oculomotor nerve
oculomotor neural
oculomotor nuclear
oculomotor nucleus.
oculomotor root
odd articular
odontogenic ghost
odontogenic tumor.
odontogenic tumour.
odontoid process
oesophageal branches
oesophageal branch
oesophageal glands
oesophageal impression
oil emulsion
olecranon fossa
olecranon part
olecranon recess
olfactory area
olfactory groove
olfactory limb
olfactory nerve
olfactory nerves
olfactory nerve.tract
olfactory part
olfactory radiations
oligoastrocytoma .who
oligodendroglioma .who
olivary nucleus
olivary pretectal
olivocochlear bundle
olivospinal fibers
olivospinal tract
omental branch
omental or
omental part
on a
onion ring
onion skin
opening of
open mouth
open part
opera glass
opercular area
opercular part
opercular portion
ophthalmic arterial
ophthalmic division
ophthalmic nerve
ophthalmic neural
opponens digiti
opponens pollicis
optic canal
optic layer
optic nerve
optic nerve.tract
optic neural
optic part
optic recess
optic tract
oral cholecystographic
oral contrast
oral magnetic
oral mucosal
oral nuclear
oral part
oral pontine
oral portion
oral pulvinar
orbicularis oculi
orbicularis oris
orbital area
orbital border
orbital branches
orbital branch
orbital muscle
orbital part
orbital plate
orbital process
orbital pseudotumor.
orbital segment
orbital surface
orbital wall
orbitobasal region
orbitobasal segment
orbito frontal
orbitofrontal segment
orbitoparietal oblique
organ cavity
organ component
organ components
organized mucosa.associated
organ part
organ point
organ region
organ subdivision
organ subdivisions
organ surface
organ system
organum vasculosum
organ with
oriens layer
orifice of
original cleaves
original law
orthographic volume
orthopedic device
osseous cavity
osseous spiral
ossification of
osteitis fibrosa
osteosarcoma in
ostium of
ostium secundum
ostium uterinum
other breast
other imaging
other liver
other malignancy
other modality
other silicate
otic ganglion
outer annulus
outer cortex
outer granular
outer gray
outer layer
outer limiting
outer medullary
outer membrane
outer molecular
outer muscle
outer nuclear
outer plexiform
outer region
outer sheath
outer spiral
outer stripe
outer wall
outer zone
out of
outside film
oval bundle
ovarian cortical
ovarian fimbria
ovarian fossa
ovarian medullary
ovarian vein
ovaries or
oxalate.related arthritis
oxidant gas
p1 segment
p2 segment
p.32 chromic
p.32 sodium
p3 segment
pa 30
pa 45
pa 45.degree
pa axial
paired dural
palatal cusp
palatal root
palatal surface
palatine crest
palatine groove
palatine process
palatine salivary
palatine spine
palatine surface
paleodentate part
paleodentate portion
palliative pediatric
pallidal raphe
pallidum of
palmar band
palmar branch
palmar carpal
palmar cutaneous
palmar intercarpal
palmar interosseous
palmaris brevis
palmaris longus
palmar ligament
palmar metacarpal
palmar radiocarpal
palmar scaphotriquetral
palmar space
palmar ulnocarpal
palmar ulnolunate
palmar ulnotriquetral
palm compartment
palm tree
palpebral branches
palpebral branch
palpebral part
palpebral tributary
pancake adrenal
pancreatic acinar
pancreatic branch
pancreatic cystic
pancreatic ductal
pancreatic duct
pancreatic ductule
pancreatic impression
pancreatic intraepithelial
pancreatic islets
pancreatic lymphatic
pancreatic lymph
pancreaticoduodenal lymphatic
pancreaticoduodenal lymph
pancreaticolienal lymphatic
pancreaticolienal lymph
pancreaticosplenic lymphatic
pancreaticosplenic lymph
pancreatic part
pancreatic sparing
pancreatic tributary
pa oblique
papillae of
papilla of
papillary cystic
papillary ependymoma
papillary margin
papillary membrane
papillary meningioma
papillary process
papillary renal
papillary ring
papillary transitional
para.aortic lumbar
para.aortic thoracic
parabigeminal area
parabrachial pigmented
paracardiac lymph
paracardial gastric
paracardial left
paracardial lymphatic
paracardial lymph
paracardial part
paracaval lymph
paraceliac lymph
paracentral branch
paracentral lobule
paracentral nucleus
paracentral thalamic
paracervical lymph
parachute mitral
paracingulate gyrus
paracolic gutters
paracolic lymphatic
paracolic lymph
paracolic node
paracommissural nucleus
paradoxical halo
paradoxical mediastinal
paradoxical movement
paraesophageal component
paraesophageal lymph
parafascicular nucleus
parafascicular thalamic
paraflocculus of
paragigantocellular nucleus.
parahippocampal gyrus
parahippocampal gyrus.
parainsular area
para.intestinal mesenteric
paralaminar part
parallel channel
parallel hole
parallel imaging
parallels blood
parallel track
paramedian group
paramedian lobule
paramedian medullary
paramedian nucleus
paramedian reticular
parametrial lymphatic
parametrial lymph
parametrium of
paramolar cusp
pararectal lymphatic
pararectal lymph
pararenal fat
paraspinal compartment
paraspinal sympathetic
parasternal lymph
parastriate area
parasubicular area
parasympathetic nervous
parasympathetic part
parasympathetic root
paratenial thalamic
paratracheal chain
paratracheal lymph
parauterine lymphatic
parauterine lymph
para.uterine lymph
paravaginal lymphatic
paravaginal lymph
paraventricular fibers
paraventricular hypothalamic
paraventricular nuclei
paraventricular nucleus
paraventricular thalamic
paravertebral ganglia
paravertebral ganglion
paravesical lymph
paravesicular lymphatic
paravesicular lymph
parenchyma of
parietal abdominal
parietal border
parietal brain
parietal branch
parietal endopelvic
parietal fascia
parietal layer
parietal lobe
parietal lumbar
parietal lymph
parietal margin
parietal notch
parietal occipital
parietal operculum
parietal para.aortic
parietal pelvic
parietal peritoneum
parietal pre.aortic
parietal preaortic
parietal serous
parietal tributary
parieto.occipital branch
parietoorbital oblique
parietopontine fibers
paronychium of
parotid branches
parotid branch
parotid lymph
parrot beak
pars alpha
pars anterior
pars cavernosa
pars copularis
pars distalis
pars dorsalis
pars flaccida
pars glandularis
pars infundibularis
pars intermedia
pars marginalis
pars nervosa
pars opercularis
pars orbitalis
pars paralaminaris
pars postrema
pars tensa
pars tuberalis
pars vascularis
pars venosa
pars ventralis
partial anomalous
partial clinical
partial flexion
partial fourier
partial hydatidiform
partial ossicular
partial ring
partial volume
particulate embolic
part in
part of
part.solid pulmonary
parvicellular nucleus
parvicellular part
parvicellular reticular
parvocellular layer
parvocellular nucleus
parvocellular part
parvocellular reticular
passage of
patellar groove
patellar part
patency of
patent ductus
pathophysiologic process
pathway structure
patient admitted
patient arrival
patient bumped
patient changed
patient data
patient date
patient did
patient needs
patient not
patient requires
patient rotation
patient wait
pearl necklace
pearl ring
pectineus branch
pectoral branch
pectoral girdle
pectoralis major
pectoralis minor
pectoralis muscle
pectoral lymph
pectoral part
pectoral tributary
pedal lymphatic
pediatric cardiac
pedicle of
peduncle of
peduncular branch
peduncular nucleus
peduncular pontine
peduncular segment
pedunculopontine tegmental
peel away
peer review
pelken spur
pelvic diaphragm
pelvic fascia
pelvic floor
pelvic ganglia
pelvic inflammatory
pelvic inlet
pelvic lump
pelvic lymphatic
pelvic lymph
pelvic or
pelvic parietal
pelvic part
pelvic peritoneum
pelvic rim
pelvic splanchnic
pelvic viscera
pelvocalyceal wall
penduncular tributary
penile root
percutaneous drainage
percutaneous nephroureteral
percutaneous transhepatic
percutaneous transluminal
perforating branch
perforating cutaneous
perfusion image
perfusion imaging
peri.acinar stroma
periappendiceal lymph
periaquaductal gray
periaqueductal gray
periaqueductal grey
periarticular locking
pericallosal arterial
pericardial branch
pericardial cavity
pericardial fat
pericardial line
pericardial lymph
pericardial sac
pericentral nucleus
pericholecystic rim
perichoroidal space
pericolic lymph
pericolonic lymph
pericranial tributary
peridental branch
periductal stroma
perienteric lymph
perigastric lymph
perihepatic lymph
peri.hiatal para.aortic
perilesional perfusion
perilesional tissue
perimysium of
perineal branches
perineal branch
perineal muscles
perineal nerves
perineal neural
perinephric p
perineurioma .who
perineuritic orbital
periodically rotated
periodontium of
perionychium of
periosteal cortical
peripancreatic lymph
peripeduncular nucleus
peripheral auditory
peripheral autonomic
peripheral bubble
peripheral continuous
peripheral discontinuous
peripheral fat
peripheral fibers
peripheral intravenous
peripherally inserted
peripheral nerve
peripheral nervous
peripheral neural
peripheral neuroblastic
peripheral odontogenic
peripheral part
peripheral pulse
peripheral segment
peripheral skeletal
peripheral somatic
peripheral vascular
peripheral venous
peripheral washout
peripheral zone
periportal lymph
periprostatic compartment
periprostatic tumor
periprostatic venous
peripyloric lymph
periradial recess
perirectal lymph
perirenal fat
perirenal p
perirhinal area
periscleritic form
perisplenic lymph
perisplenic space
peritoneal attachments
peritoneal branch
peritoneal cavity
peritoneal fold
peritoneal fossa
peritoneal sac
peritoneal surface
peritoneovenous shunt
peritoneum of
peritoneum over
peritoneum proper
periumbilical part
peri.urethral central
peri.urethral gland
periurethral prostate
peri.urethral region
periurethral region
peri.urethral zone
perivascular fibrous
periventricular fibers
periventricular nuclei
periventricular nucleus
periventricular nucleus.
periventricular preoptic
periventricular zone
perlia nucleus
permeative destruction
peroneal communicating
peroneal longus
peroneal sulcus
peroneus brevis
peroneus longus
perpendicular plate
persistent delayed
persistent embryonic
persistent fetal
persistent fid
persistent free
persistent homogeneous
persistent left
persistent loop
persistent trigeminal
persistent truncus
perspective volume
pes anserine
pes anserinus
pes pedunculi
petit triangle
petrosal branch
petrous part
petrous portion
phalanx of
pharmacological thrombolysis
pharyngeal branches
pharyngeal branch
pharyngeal lymphoid
pharyngeal nerve
pharyngeal neural
pharyngeal opening
pharyngeal venous
pharyngoesophageal constrictor
phase cancellation
phase.cancellation harmonic
phased array
phase difference
phase fold
phase interference
phase non.uniformity
phase shift
phase wraparound
phrenic ganglia
phrenic nerve
phrenic neural
phrenico.abdominal branches
phrenicocoeliac part
phrygian cap
phylogenetic division
physician manipulation
physiological condition
physiologic artery
physiologic or
pia.arachnoid of
pial venous
pia mater
picc line
picture frame
pigmentary pallidal
pigmented epithelium
pigmented layer
pigmented villonodular
pilocytic astrocytoma
pineal parenchymal
pineal recess
pine cone
pineoblastoma .who
pineocytoma .who
pine tree
pi.rads 1
pi.rads 2
pi.rads 3
pi.rads 4
pi.rads 5
pi.rads dce
pi.rads dwi
pi.rads lesion
pi.rads overall
pi.rads t2wi
pi.rads v2
pi.rads x
piriform cortex
pistol grip
pituitary gland.
placement of
placental site
plain film
planar nuclear
planar revolutional
planar surface
plane of
plantar calcaneocuboid
plantar calcaneonavicular
plantar cuneocuboid
plantar cutaneous
plantar dorsal
plantar intercuneiform
plantar interossei
plantar interosseous
plantar ligament
plantar nail
plantar naviculocuboid
plantar plate
plantar surface
plantar tarsal
plant thorn
planum polare
planum temporale
plasma cell
plateau delayed
platelet rich
platelet.rich plasma
platinum embolization
playboy bunny
playboy rabbit
pleiomorphic layer
pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma
pleural branch
pleural effusion
plexal point
plexal portion
plexiform layer
plexus branch
plica at
plica in
plica of
plica semilunaris
plump hilum
plump hilus
point of
polar frontal
polar part
polar temporal
pole of
polycystic kidney
polymorphic later
polymorphic layer
polyostotic fibrous
polyp morphology
pons of
pons segment
pontine arterial
pontine central
pontine corticonuclear
pontine nuclear
pontine nucleus
pontine perforator
pontine raphe
pontine reticular
pontine segment
pontocerebellar fibers
poorly defined
popcorn calcification
popliteal part
portacaval lymph
portahepatic lymph
porta hepatis
portal lymph
portal.systemic shunt
portal triad
portal vein
portal venous.delayed
portal venous
portion of
portocaval lymph
positive bowel
positive contrast
positive ulnar
positron emission
post.aortic lymph
postaortic lymph
postarterial extracellular
postcapillary pulmonary
postcaval lymphatic
postcaval lymph
postcaval pericardial
postcentral branch
postcentral gyrus
postcentral sulcus
postcommissural fibers
postcommissural fibres
postcommunicating part
postcricoid region
post endograft
posterior abdominal
posterior accessory
posterior acoustic
posterior ampullary
posterior antebrachial
posterior arch
posterior area
posterior articular
posterior ascending
posterior aspect
posterior atlantoaxial
posterior attachment
posterior auricular
posterior band
posterior basal
posterior belly
posterior body
posterior bony
posterior border
posterior brachial
posterior branch
posterior bundle
posterior c1
posterior c2
posterior c3
posterior c4
posterior c5
posterior c6
posterior c7
posterior c8
posterior calcaneal
posterior capitular
posterior cavernous
posterior cecal
posterior cell
posterior central
posterior cerebellar
posterior cerebral
posterior cervical
posterior chamber
posterior choroidal
posterior ciliary
posterior cingulate
posterior circumflex
posterior clinoid
posterior cochlear
posterior column
posterior commissure
posterior common
posterior communicating
posterior compartment
posterior complex
posterior component
posterior conjunctival
posterior cord
posterior corona
posterior corpus
posterior cortical
posterior costotransverse
posterior cranial
posterior crescentic
posterior cricoarytenoid
posterior cruciate
posterior crus
posterior cutaneous
posterior cuteneous
posterior deep
posterior descending
posterior diaphragmatic
posterior division
posterior divisions
posterior elbow
posterior ends
posterior ethmoid
posterior ethmoidal
posterior external
posterior fascicle
posterior fasciculus
posterior femoral
posterior fold
posterior forceps
posterior fornix
posterior funiculus
posterior gastric
posterior genual
posterior genu
posterior gluteal
posterior gray
posterior grey
posterior groove
posterior hepatic
posterior hepatovenous
posterior horn
posterior humeral
posterior hypothalamic
posterior ileocolic
posterior inferior
posterior intercavernous
posterior intercondylar
posterior intercondyloid
posterior intercostal
posterior intermalleolar
posterior intermediate
posterior intermuscular
posterior internal
posterior interosseous
posterior interposed
posterior interpositus
posterior interventricular
posterior intra.occipital
posterior intraoccipital
posterior junction
posterior knee
posterior l1
posterior l2
posterior l3
posterior l4
posterior l5
posterior labial
posterior lamella
posterior lamina
posterior lateral
posterior left
posterior ligament
posterior limb
posterior lip
posterior lobe.1
posterior lobe.2
posterior lobe
posterior lobule
posterior long
posterior longitudinal
posterior malleolar
posterior medial
posterior median
posterior mediastinal
posterior medullary
posterior membranous
posterior meningeal
posterior meniscofemoral
posterior mesencephalic
posterior muscular
posterior nasal
posterior nerve
posterior nuclear
posterior nucleus
posterior oblique
posterior obturator
posterior occipitoatlantal
posterior orbital
posterior osteomeatal
posterior palpebral
posterior pancreaticoduodenal
posterior paracentral
posterior paragigantocellular
posterior parahippocampal
posterior paramedian
posterior paraolfactory
posterior pararenal
posterior paraventricular
posterior parietal
posterior part
posterior perforated
posterior pericallosal
posterior pericardial
posterior perirenal
posterior perisplenic
posterior periventricular
posterior peroneal
posterior pillar
posterior pleural
posterior portion
posterior pretectal
posterior primary
posterior process
posterior profile
posterior prostatic
posterior pubic
posterior pulmonary
posterior quadrangular
posterior radiation
posterior radicular
posterior rami
posterior ramus
posterior raphe
posterior recess
posterior region
posterior renal
posterior rootlet
posterior root
posterior s1
posterior s2
posterior s3
posterior s4
posterior s5
posterior sacrococcygeal
posterior sacro.iliac
posterior sacroiliac
posterior sacrosciatic
posterior scalene
posterior scrotal
posterior segmental
posterior segment
posterior segments
posterior semicircular
posterior semilunar
posterior septal
posterior short
posterior sinus
posterior slope
posterior solitary
posterior spinal
posterior spinocerebellar
posterior sternoclavicular
posterior subnucleus
posterior suboccipital
posterior sulcal
posterior superior
posterior surface
posterior t10
posterior t11
posterior t12
posterior t1
posterior t2
posterior t3
posterior t4
posterior t5
posterior t6
posterior t7
posterior t8
posterior t9
posterior talocalcaneal
posterior talofibular
posterior tegmental
posterior temporal
posterior thalamic
posterior thalamoperforating
posterior thoracic
posterior tibial
posterior tibiofibular
posterior tibiotalar
posterior tracheal
posterior transverse
posterior triangle
posterior tributary
posterior trigeminothalamic
posterior trunk
posterior tubercle
posterior tympanic
posterior ulnar
posterior urethral
posterior vagal
posterior vein
posterior ventricular
posterior ventrolateral
posterior vertebral
posterior vestibular
posterior visceral
posterior wall
posterior wedging
posterior white
posterior zone
posteroanterior 30
posteroanterior 45.degree
posteroanterior axial
posteroanterior oblique
posteroanterior prone
posteroanterior tangential
posterodorsal part
posteroinferior iliac
posteroinferior pancreaticoduodenal
posteroinferior popliteomeniscal
posteroinferior zone
posterolateral auditory
posterolateral band
posterolateral border
posterolateral bundle
posterolateral central
posterolateral corner
posterolateral fissure
posterolateral nucleus
posterolateral part
posterolateral ramus
posterolateral ventral
posteromedial band
posteromedial border
posteromedial branch
posteromedial bundle
posteromedial central
posteromedial frontal
posteromedial nucleus
posteromedial part
posteromedial region
posteromedial ventral
posteromedian medullary
posterosuperior iliac
posterosuperior pancreaticoduodenal
posterosuperior popliteomeniscal
posterosuperior zone
posteroventral cochlear
post fatty
post.ganglionic egment
postganglionic nerve
postganglionic neural
postganglionic segment
postglomerular segment
post.ictal pulmonary
postlaminar branch
postlaminar part
postlenticular portion
post.myocardial infarction
postoperative seroma.hematoma
postscapular segment
postseptal space
post.surgical fluid
postsurgical fluid
post.therapy skin
post.transplant lymphoproliferative
postvesical lymph
postvesicular lymphatic
postvesicular lymph
pouch of
powder bed
power doppler
preaccessory cuneate
pre.aortic lumbar
pre.aortic lymphatic
preaortic lymph
pre.aortic lymph
pre.auricular lymph
pre.brachial plexus
precaecal lymph
precapillary pulmonary
precaval lymphatic
precaval lymph
prececal lymphatic
prececal lymph
precentral branch
precentral cerebellar
precentral gyrus
precentral region
precentral segment
precentral sulcus
prechiasmatic sulcus
precision quality
precommissural fibers
precommissural fibres
precommissural fornix
precommissural septal
precommunicating part
pre.contrast high
precuneal branch
precuneus cortex
pre.decussation segment
predorsal bundle
pre endograft
pre.epiglottic fat
prefrontal association
prefrontal region
prefrontal segment
pre.ganglionic egment
preganglionic nerve
preganglionic neural
preganglionic segment
pregenual area
pre.hepatic portal
prelaminar branch
prelaminar part
prelaryngeal chain
prelaryngeal lymph
preliminary report
prelminary report
preoptic area
preoptic periventricular
preoptic region
preparietal area
prepericardial lymph
preperitoneal fat
prepositus hypoglossal
prepuce of
prep work
prerubral field
prerubral tegmental
presacral lymph
pre.scalene compartment
prescalene compartment
prescapular segment
presellar segment
presence of
preseptal space
prestyloid recess
pre.subgenual frontal
presymphysial lymphatic
presymphysial lymph
pretectal area
pretectal olivary
pretectal region
pretecto.olivary fibers
pretendinous portion
preterminal colic
pretracheal chain
pretracheal lymph
prevertebral compartment
prevertebral part
prevesical lymph
prevesicular lymphatic
prevesicular lymph
primary angiitis
primary auditory
primary biliary
primary fissure
primary follicle
primary motor
primary nodular
primary reconstruction
primary sclerosing
primary somatic
primary somatosensory
primary systemic
primary transmit.receive
primary tumor
primary visual
princeps pollicis
principal anterior
principal body
principal division
principal gastric
principal gland
principal inferior
principal mammillary
principal nucleus
principal olivary
principal part
principal posterior
principal pretectal
principal sensory
principal superior
principal trigeminal
principal ventral
principal vestibular
principle mamillary
printed digital
procedure complication
procedure to
process of
profunda brachii
profunda femoris
programmable valve
progressive delayed
progressive massive
progressive supranuclear
projection onto
prominence of
promontorial lymph
promontory lymphatic
promontory lymph
promontory of
pronator quadratus
pronator teres
pronator tuberosity
propeller motion
proper cochlear
proper digital
proper hepatic
proper palmar
proper part
proper plantar
proper sensory
property related
prostate cancer.
prostate extraglandular
prostate intraepithelial
prostate.seminal vesicle
prostatic arterial
prostatic branch
prostatic capsule
prostatic ductal
prostatic fascia
prostatic gland
prostatic intraepithelial
prostatic lobar
prostatic lymphatic
prostatic nerve
prostatic part
prostatic sinus
prostatic stromal
prostatic stroma
prostatic urethral
prostatoseminal vesicular
prosthetic cardiac
proton density
protoplasmic astrocytoma
proximal band
proximal carpal
proximal circumflex
proximal common
proximal convoluted
proximal deep
proximal end
proximal epiphysis
proximal epyphysis
proximal esophageal
proximal free
proximal greater
proximal interphalangeal
proximal lateral
proximal left
proximal medial
proximal metaphysis
proximal myotendinous
proximal nail
proximal part
proximal phalanx
proximal pole
proximal portion
proximal radioulnar
proximal region
proximal renal
proximal right
proximal segment
proximal straight
proximal superficial
proximal superior
proximal tendinous
proximal tendon
proximal third
proximal tibiofibular
proximal zone
pruned tree
psammomatous meningioma
pseudoaneurysm compression
pseudocapsule of
psoas major
psoas minor
psoas part
pterygoid branch
pterygoid fovea
pterygoid process
pterygoid tuberosity
pterygoid venous
pterygopalatine ganglion
pterygopharyngeal part
pterygospinous process
pt info
pt sent
pubic part
pubic varus
pudendal neural
pudendal venous
pugilistic parkinson
pulley of
pulmonary alveolar
pulmonary arterial
pulmonary blood
pulmonary branches
pulmonary branch
pulmonary embolism
pulmonary lymph
pulmonary neural
pulmonary nodule
pulp cavity
pulp of
pulsed current
pulsed wave
punched out
punctate echogenic
puncture site
pupillary margin
pupillary membrane
pure ground.glass
purkinje cell
purkinje layer
purse.string renal
pyloric antrum
pyloric branch
pyloric canal
pyloric gland
pyloric lymphatic
pyloric lymph
pyloric part
pyloric string
pyloric tit
pylorus of
pylorus.sparing whipple
pyramidal decussation
pyramidal layer
pyramidal lobe
pyramidal muscle
pyramidal process
pyramid of
pyramids of
pyramis of
pyriform area
pyrogen testing
quadrangular segment
quadrant of
quadrate ligament
quadrate lobe
quadrature detection
quadrature imbalance
quadratus femoris
quadratus lumborum
quadratus plantae
quadriceps femoris
quadriceps tendon
quadrilateral segment
qualitative diameter
quantitative computed
quenu cystic
.quot.punched out.quot.
rabbit ears
radial annular
radial arm
radial arterial
radial articular
radial attachment
radial bands
radial collateral
radial deviation
radial digital
radial fibers
radial fossa
radial head
radialis indicis
radial k.space
radial metacarpophalangeal
radial nerve
radial neural
radial proper
radial recurrent
radial venous
radiate carpal
radiate layer
radiation dose
radiation exposure
radiation of
radiation source
radicular arterial
radicular branch
radioactive source
radiofrequency ablation
radiography procedure
radio head
radiolabeled denatured
radiolabeled human
radiolabeled platelet
radius of
radlex non.anatomical
radlex ontology
rafert long
raised intracranial
ram.apos.s horn
ramus ascendens
ramus carpalis
ramus meningeus
ramus of
raphe magnus
raphe nuclei
raphe obscurus
raphe of
raphe pallidus
raphe pontis
rapid acquisition
rapidly involuting
rare foramen
rathke cleft
rat tail
read external
read outside
real.time image
real.time reconstructed
reason for
receive radiofrequency
receiver coil.transmitter
recessed elliptical
recess of
recommendation for
rectal lymph
rectoprostatic compartment
rectus abdominis
rectus abdominus
rectus capitis
rectus capitus
rectus femoris
recurrent artery
recurrent articular
recurrent branch
recurrent ileal
recurrent interosseous
recurrent laryngeal
recurrent meningeal
recurrent pyogenic
recurrent temporal
red blood
red nuclear
red nucleus.
red pulp
reduced contrast
reduction in
reflected head
reflected tendon
refocusing of
reformat procedure
refractive edge
regional lung
regional lymph
regional part
regional pre.saturation
region iii
region ii
region i
region iv
region of
regio superior
regular connective
relative anisotropy
relief map
remap dicom
remap procedure
removal of
renal arterial
renal branches
renal branch
renal calyceal
renal cell
renal collecting
renal column
renal columns
renal corpuscle
renal cortex
renal cortical
renal ectopia
renal failure
renal ganglia
renal halo
renal impression
renal infarct
renal interlobar
renal interlobular
renal lobar
renal lobe
renal lobes
renal lymph
renal medullae
renal medullary
renal papilla
renal parenchymal
renal pelvic
renal pyramid
renal pyramids
renal segments
renal sinus
renal spoke
renal spokewheel
renal surface
renal tubule
renal vein
report section
report turnaround
required labs
required lab
requiring a
resistive shim
resource not
respiratory bronchiolitis.interstitial
respiratory broncholitis
respiratory broncholitis.associated
respond to
response to
restricted field
retention cyst
reticular formation
reticular membrane
reticular nuclear
reticular nucleus
reticular part
reticular thalamic
reticuloendothelial contrast
reticulospinal fibers
reticulospinal tract
reticulotegmental nucleus
reticulum of
retinopathy of
retracts capsule
retro.aortic lymphatic
retro.aortic lymph
retroaortic lymph
retrobulbar nucleus
retrocaecal lymph
retrocaval lymph
retrocecal lymphatic
retrocecal lymph
retrocrural lymph
retrodorsal group
retrodorsal lateral
retrodorsal segment
retrolenticular part
retromandibular venous
retromolar fossa
retromolar triangle
retro.olivary cell
retropectoralis minor
retroperitoneal lymphatic
retroperitoneal lymph
retroperitoneal part
retropharyngeal lymph
retropharyngeal space
retroposterior lateral
retropyloric lymphatic
retropyloric lymph
retrorubral part
retrospective motion
retrosplenial gyrus
retrosubicular area
retrotendinous portion
retrotonsillar segment
retrotracheal component
reuniens thalamic
reverse 3
reverse 5
reverse centric
reversed appearance
reversed elliptical
reversed halo
reverse figure
reverse rim
reverse s
reverse waters
rexed lamina
rf ablation
rf contamination
rf feedthrough
rf interference
rf leakage
rf spin
rhabdoid meningioma
rhomboideus major
rhomboideus minor
rhomboid fossa
rhomboid impression
rhomboid major
rhomboid minor
rhomboid occipitalis
rhomboid thalamic
ribbon rib
rice kernel
right a1
right abducens
right abductor
right accessory
right acromioclavicular
right acromion
right adductor
right adrenal
right alar
right albal
right anconeus
right angular
right ankle
right anococcygeal
right ansa
right ansiform
right anterior
right anterodorsal
right anteroinferior
right anterolateral
right anteromedial
right anteroventral
right apex
right apical
right arcuate
right area
right arteria
right articularis
right ascending
right atrial
right auditory
right auricular
right auricularis
right auriculotemporal
right axillary
right band
right basal
right base
right basilic
right basis
right bending
right biceps
right big
right biventer
right border
right brachial
right brachialis
right brachioradialis
right branch
right brodmann
right bronchial
right bronchopulmonary
right buccal
right buccinator
right bulbospongiosus
right bulbo.urethral
right calcarine
right callosomarginal
right canal
right cardiac
right cardial
right cardiophrenic
right caroticotympanic
right carotid
right carpal
right caudal
right caudate
right caudomedial
right cavernous
right central
right centromedian
right cephalic
right cerebellar
right cerebral
right cervical
right cervicothoracic.brachial
right cervicothoracic
right chorda
right ciliary
right cingulate
right cingulum
right circumflex
right claustral
right clavicle
right clinical
right coccygeal
right cochlear
right colic
right collicular
right commissural
right common
right conjoined
right conjoint
right conus
right coraco.acromial
right coracoacromial
right coracobrachialis
right coracoclavicular
right coracohumeral
right coracoid
right core
right cornu
right corona
right coronary
right coronoid
right cortical
right corticobulbar
right corticoreticulospinal
right corticorubrospinal
right corticospinal.corticobulbar
right corticospinal
right corticotectal
right corticotectospinal
right costo.axillary
right costocervical
right costoclavicular
right costophrenic
right cruciate
right crus
right cubital
right cucleus
right cuneate
right cuneiform
right cuneocerebellar
right cuneus
right decubitis
right decubitus
right deep
right deltoid
right dentate
right dentatothalamic
right diagonal
right diaphragmatic
right diffuse
right digastric
right distal
right dominant
right dorsal
right dorsolateral
right dorsomedial
right duct
right eighth
right elbow
right eleventh
right emboliform
right entorhinal
right episcleral
right esophageal
right extensor
right external
right extraperitoneal
right extreme
right facial
right fasciculus
right fasciola
right fasciolar
right fastigial
right female
right femoral
right fibula
right fibular
right fibularis
right fibulocollateral
right field
right fifth
right first
right flexor
right flexural
right flocculus
right foot
right fornix
right fourth
right frenulum
right frontal
right frontomarginal
right fusiform
right gastric
right gastrocnemius
right gastro.epiploic
right gastroepiploic
right gastro.omental
right gastroomental
right gastropancreatic
right gemellus
right geniculate
right genioglossus
right genitofemoral
right gigantocellular
right glenohumeral
right glenoid
right globose
right globus
right glossopharyngeal
right gluteus
right gonadal
right gracile
right gracilis
right great
right greater
right gyrus
right habenulo.interpeduncular
right half
right hand
right heart
right hemiliver
right hemisphere
right hemispheric
right hemithorax
right hepatic
right hesselbach
right higher.order
right h
right hilar
right hip
right hippocampal
right hippocampus
right horizontal
right humeral
right hypochondriac
right hypochondrium
right hypoglossal
right iliac
right iliacus
right iliocostalis
right iliohypogastric
right ilioinguinal
right iliopsoas
right iliopubic
right iliotibial
right induseum
right inferior
right inferolateral
right infraclavicular
right infracolic
right infraglenoid
right inframammary
right infra.orbital
right infraorbital
right infrascapular
right infraspinatus
right infratrochlear
right inguinal
right innermost
right insular
right intercalated
right intercollicular
right intercostal
right interfoveolar
right interlobar
right interlobular
right intermediate
right intermediolateral
right intermediomedial
right intermedius
right internal
right interosseous
right interpeduncular
right interscalene
right interspinalis
right interstitial
right interventricular
right intestinal
right intracalcarine
right intralimbic
right island
right jugular
right juxtarestiform
right knee
right l1
right l2
right l3
right l4
right labium
right labyrinthine
right lacrimal
right lamina
right lateral
right latissimus
right least
right.left gastric
right.left gastro.omental
right leg
right lenticular
right lentiform
right lesser
right levatores
right levator
right limbic
right limitans
right lingual
right little
right lobar
right lobe
right lobule
right locus
right long
right longissimus
right longitudinal
right longus
right lower
right lumbar
right lumbosacral
right main
right major
right male
right mamillothalamic
right mammillary
right mammillotegmental
right mammillothalamic
right mandibular
right marginal
right masseteric
right maxillary
right medial
right median
right mediastinal
right medullary
right meniscofemoral
right meniscotibial
right mental
right mesencephalic
right middle
right midgland
right mid
right minor
right motor
right multifidus
right muscular
right musculocutaneous
right musculophrenic
right mylohyoid
right nasociliary
right nasofrontal
right nasopalatine
right neurovascular
right nfraspinous
right ninth
right nucleus
right o4
right oblique
right obliquus
right obturator
right occipital
right oculomotor
right olecranon
right olfactory
right olivary
right olivocerebellar
right olivocochlear
right olivospinal
right omohyoid
right ophthalmic
right opponens
right optic
right oral
right orbital
right otic
right ovarian
right ovary
right pallidohabenular
right pallidotegmental
right palmar
right palmaris
right parabigeminal
right paracaval
right paracentral
right paraesophageal
right parafascicular
right paraflocculus
right parahippocampal
right paramedian
right paranephric
right pararectal
right pararenal
right paraspinal
right parataenial
right paratenial
right paraterminal
right paratracheal
right paratrigeminal
right paraventricular
right paravertebral
right paravesical
right parietal
right parotid
right part
right parvicellular
right parvocellular
right patella
right patellar
right patellofemoral
right pectineus
right pectoralis
right pectoral
right peduncle
right pedunculopontine
right perforating
right periamygdaloid
right pericallosal
right pericardiacophrenic
right pericardial
right perineal
right peripeduncular
right peripheral
right periphrenic
right perirenal
right peritrigeminal
right peroneus
right pes
right phrenic
right piriformis
right piriform
right pisohamate
right pisometacarpal
right plantaris
right pleural
right polar
right pontine
right pontobulbar
right pontomesencephalic
right popliteal
right popliteofibular
right popliteomeniscal
right popliteus
right portal
right postcentral
right postcommissural
right posterior
right posteroinferior
right posterolateral
right posteromarginal
right posteromedial
right posterosuperior
right posteroventral
right precentral
right precommissural
right predorsal
right prefrontal
right prehippocampal
right premotor
right preolivary
right pre.optic
right prepyriform
right pre.scalene
right prescalene
right pre.subgenual
right primary
right principal
right pronator
right prostatic
right proximal
right psoas
right pterygoid
right pterygopalatine
right pubocervical
right puboprostatic
right pudendal
right pulmonary
right pulmonic
right pulmopleural
right pyramidalis
right pyramidal
right quadratus
right quadriceps
right radial
right radiate
right rectal
right rectouterine
right rectus
right recurrent
right red
right renal
right reticulotegmental
right retrocommissural
right retromandibular
right retro.olivary
right retropectoralis
right retropubic
right rhomboideus
right rhomboid
right rolandic
right rostral
right rostromedial
right rostrotemporal
right rotation
right round
right rubrospinal
right s1
right s2
right s3
right s4
right s5
right saccular
right sacral
right sacrogenital
right sagittal
right saphenous
right sartorius
right scalene
right scalenus
right scapular
right sciatic
right scleral
right second
right secondary
right segmental
right segment
right semilunar
right semimembranosus
right semimembranosus.tibial
right semimembranous
right seminal
right semioval
right semispinalis
right semitendinosus
right septofimbrial
right serratus
right set
right seventh
right short
right shoulder
right side
right simple
right sixth
right slf
right soleus
right solitary
right somatic
right sphenoethmoid
right sphenoid
right spinal
right spinalis
right spinocortical
right spinoglenoid
right spino.olivary
right spinotectal
right spinothalamic
right spiral
right splenial
right splenius
right stapedius
right sternal
right sternoclavicular
right sternocleidomastoid
right straight
right stratum
right stria
right striate
right stylohyoid
right stylomastoid
right subacromial
right subcallosal
right subcentral
right subclavian
right subclavius
right subcostales
right subcostal
right subcuneiform
right subcutaneous
right subdeltoid
right subfascicular
right subgenual
right subicular
right sublentiform
right sublingual
right submandibular
right submedial
right suboccipital
right subphrenic
right subscapular
right subscapularis
right substantia
right subtendinous
right subthalamic
right superciliary
right superficial
right superior
right supinator
right supplemental
right supplementary
right supracalcarine
right supracallosal
right suprachiasmatic
right supraclavicular
right suprageniculate
right supraglenoid
right supramammillary
right supramarginal
right supra.optic
right supraoptic
right supraopticohypophysial
right supra.orbital
right supraorbital
right suprapatellar
right suprarenal
right suprascapular
right supraspinatus
right supraspinous
right supratrochlear
right supravesical
right sural
right surface
right sympathetic
right t10
right t11
right t12
right t1
right t2
right t3
right t4
right t5
right t6
right t7
right t8
right t9
right tectobulbar
right tectopontine
right tectospinal
right temporal
right temporalis
right temporomandibular
right tendinous
right tensor
right tenth
right tentorial
right teres
right testicular
right thalamic
right thalamogeniculate
right thalamoperforating
right thalamotuberal
right thigh
right third
right thoracic
right thoraco.acromial
right thoracodorsal
right thoracoepigastric
right thymic
right thyrocervical
right thyroid
right tibial
right tibialis
right tibiofemoral
right tonsil
right tracheobronchial
right transverse
right transversus
right trapezius
right trapezoid
right triangular
right triceps
right trigeminal
right trochlear
right tuber
right tuberomammillary
right twelfth
right tympanic
right ulnar
right umbilical
right uncal
right uncinate
right uncus
right upper
right ureteral
right ureteric
right uterine
right uterosacral
right uterotubal
right uterovesical
right utricular
right utriculo.ampullary
right vagal
right vagus
right variant
right vastus
right ventral
right.ventricle.to.pulmonary artery
right ventricular
right ventrolateral
right ventromedial
right vertebral
right vestibular
right vestibulocerebellar
right vestibulocochlear
right vestibulospinal
right wrist
right zona
right zygomatic
rigid loop
rigler notch
rim arterial
rim enhancement
rim sign
ring of
rings and
ring sign
rings k.space
ring stricture
risk level
rn safety
rocker.bottom thymus
rolled breast
rolled inferior
rolled lateral
rolled medial
rolled superior
roof of
room scheduled
root canal
rootlet of
root of
roots of
root trunk
rosary bead
rostral interstitial
rostral intralaminar
rostral lobe
rostral part
rostral peduncle
rostral postcentral
rostral segment
rostrodorsal subnucleus
rostromedial auditory
rostrotemporal auditory
rostrum of
rotating 2d
rotating slant
rotational angiography
rotator cuff
rotatores spine
round cell
round ligament
round nipple
route of
roux.en.y gastric
rubro.olivary fibers
rubrospinal tract
rugae of
rugal fold
rugger jersey
rupture of
s10 bronchus
s10 segment
s1.2 bronchus
s1.2 segment
s1 branch
s1 bronchus
s1 root
s1 segment
s1 sympathetic
s2 branch
s2 bronchus
s2l sympathetic
s2 root
s2 segment
s3 branch
s3 bronchus
s3 root
s3 segment
s3 sympathetic
s4 branch
s4 bronchus
s4 root
s4 segment
s4 sympathetic
s5 branch
s5 bronchus
s5 segment
s5 sympathetic
s6 bronchus
s6 segment
s7.8 bronchus
s7.8 segment
s7 bronchus
s7 segment
s8 bronchus
s8 segment
s9 bronchus
s9 segment
saber sheath
saber shin
sabre sheath
saccular neural
saccule of
sacral articular
sacral flexure
sacral ganglia
sacral ganglion
sacral intervertebral
sacral lymphatic
sacral lymph
sacral neural
sacral parasympathic
sacral segment
sacral segments
sacral spinal
sacral spine
sacral splanchnic
sacral subsegment
sacral sympathetic
sagging rope
sagittal pedicular
sagittal plane
sagittal stratum
sail sign
saline breast
salivary duct
salivary gland
salt and
salter.harris type
salter type
same organ
sa nodal
saphenous neural
sartorius branch
satellite lesions
satisfactory drainage
satisfactory hemodynamic
satisfactory inflow
satisfactory outflow
saturation of
scalene triangle
scalenus anterior
scalenus branch
scalenus medius
scalenus minimus
scalenus posterior
scallop sign
scanning electron
scan trigger
scaphoid bone
scaphoid fossa
scapula coracoid
scapular branch
scapular part
scattered fibroglandular
scattered nucleus
scattering dome
school age
schultze comma
schwannian stroma.dominant
schwannian stroma.poor
schwannian stroma.rich
schwannoma .who
sciatic neural
scimitar sign
scissura of
scleral spur
scleral venous
scottie dog
scotty dog
screening with
screen w
scrotal branch
sebaceous gland
second anterior
secondary biliary
secondary follicle
secondary olfactory
secondary osseous
secondary pulmonary
secondary reconstruction
secondary spiral
secondary tympanic
secondary visceral
secondary visual
second belly
second cervical
second coccygeal
second common
second crus
second diagonal
second distal
second dorsal
second finger
second generation
second intercostal
second intercostobrachial
second interspinalis
second lateral
second left
second lumbar
second lumbrical
second marginal
second medial
second mediastinal
second metacarpal
second metatarsal
second obtuse
second palmar
second part
second plv
second posterior
second posterolateral
second proper
second rib
second right
second sacral
second short
second superior
second tendon
second thoracic
second toe
second tube
secretory meningioma
section cross
sector annular
sector mechanical
sector phased
segmental branch
segmental colonic
segmental hepatic
segmental lymph
segmental medullary
segmental pulmonary
segmental renal
segmental resection
segmental tributary
segmented k.space
segment iii
segment ii
segment i
segment iv
segment of
segments of
segment viii
segment vii
segment vi
segment v
seldinger access
selective internal
semilunar folds
semilunar ganglion
semilunar lobule.1
semilunar lobule.2
semilunar lobules
semilunar notch
semimembranosus tendon
semimembranosus.tibial collateral
seminal vesicle
seminal vesiculostomy.
semispinalis capitis
semispinalis cervicis
semispinalis colli
semispinalis thoracis
semitendinosus tendon
semitic nose
sensory root
sentinel cervical
sentinel lines
sentinel lymph
septal branch
septal perforator
septum of
septum pellucidum
sequential ct
sequential dilation
sequential energy
sequential k.space
sequential scan
sequestered disc
sequestrated disc
serial nuclear
seronegative juvenile
serosa of
serous coat
serous microcystic
serpiginous tract
serrated needle
serratus anterior
serratus posterior
sesamoid bone
sesamoid cartilage
set of
seurat spleen
seventh anterior
seventh cervical
seventh intercostal
seventh interspinalis
seventh posterior
seventh rib
seventh thoracic
severe central
severe parenchymal
shaded surface
shaft of
shaggy heart
shapeable wire
sharp edge
sharpey fiber
sheath of
shell region
shells k.space
shepard.apos.s crook
shepherd.apos.s crook
shepherd crook
short association
short bowel
short cerebral
short ciliary
short circumferential
short descending
short gastric
short head
short insular
short limb
shortness of
short of
short pitch
short posterior
short process
short radiolunate
short rotator
short saphenous
short tau
short vincula
shoulder pad
shoulder rim
sickle cell
side band
sideswipe elbow
sigmoid colon
sigmoid elevator
sigmoid lymphatic
sigmoid lymph
sigmoid mesentery
sigmoid mesocolon
sigmoid notch
sigmoid sinus
signal cervical
signal intensity
signal void
signet ring
sign of
silicon drift
silicone breast
silver fork
simple bone
simple bony
simple columnar
simple cuboidal
simple lobule
simple membranous
simple squamous
simultaneous energy
single bubble
single.channel coil
single contrast
single crystal
single.detector row
single element
single photon
single section
single slice
single spinal
single state
single.tuned detection
single.tuned transmission
single turn
sinking pellet
sinoatrial nodal
sinoatrial node
sinonasal undifferentiated
sinus of
site of
sixth anterior
sixth cervical
sixth intercostal
sixth interspinalis
sixth posterior
sixth rib
sixth thoracic
size change
size stability
skeletal muscle
skeleton of
skewed nasal
skin burn
skin of
skin proper
skull base
skull shape
skull vertex
slice cross
sliding hiatal
sliding window
slipped capital
slipped ice
slipped upper
slow initial
small airway
small bowel
small.bowel feces
small cardiac
small cell
smallest cardiac
small heart
small intestinal
small lung
small orbit
small sacrosciatic
small saphenous
smooth background
smooth muscle
snake head
snowstorm pattern
soap bubble
socket of
soft tissue
soft.tissue reconstruction
soft.tissue rim
software image
solid abdominal
solid and
solid component
solid pseudopapillary
solid pulmonary
solid.state ceramic
solid.state crystal
solitary bone
solitary dilated
solitary fibrous
solitary lymphoid
solitary pulmonary
solitary rectal
somatic connection
somatic nerve
somatic nervous
somatic neural
somatic part
somatic sensory
sonographic bull.apos.s.eye
sonographic murphy
sonography procedure
source quantity
space of
spaces of
spanish toxic
spastic urinary
spatial enhancement
spatial pattern
spatial.spectral radiofrequency
spatial.spectral rf
spectral doppler
spectral fold
spectral overlap
sphenoidal emissary
sphenoidal margin
sphenoidal process
sphenoidal sinus
sphenoid emissary
sphenoid part
sphenomandibular ligament
sphenopalatine notch
sphincter of
sphincter urethrovaginalis
spiculated periosteal
spike noise
spinal accessory
spinal arachnoid
spinal area
spinal branch
spinal cord
spinal dural
spinal.dural av
spinal dura
spinal epidural
spinal fixation
spinal ganglia
spinalis capitis
spinalis cervicis
spinalis colli
spinalis dorsi
spinalis thoracis
spinal lamina
spinal nerve
spinal neural
spinal nucleus
spinal part
spinal pia
spinal reticular
spinal root
spinal segment
spinal subsegment
spinal tract
spinal tributary
spinal trigeminal
spinal vestibular
spindle cell
spine of
spine proper
spinnaker sail
spinning top
spinobulbar fibers
spinocortical tract
spinocuneate fibers
spinoglenoid notch
spinoglenoid segment
spinogracile fibers
spinohypothalamic fibers
spinomesencephalic fibers
spino.olivary fibers
spino.olivary tract
spinoperiaqueductal fibers
spinoreticular fibers
spinotectal fibers
spinotectal tract
spinothalamic fibers
spinothalamic tract
spinous process
spiral canal
spiral crest
spiral ct
spiral k.space
spiral ligament
spiral membrane
spiral modiolar
spiral prominence
spiral scan
spiral valve
spirometry breathing
splenic arterial
splenic branch
splenic flexure
splenic hilar
splenic lymphatic
splenic lymph
splenic lymphoid
splenic part
splenic pedicle
splenic recess
splenic trabeculae
splenic venous
splenium of
splenius capitis
splenius cervicis
splenius colli
splenorenal ligament
split crystal
split pleura
spoiling of
spoke wheel
spontaneous esophageal
spontaneous osteonecrosis
spring onion
squamosal margin
squamous cell
squamous odontogenic
squamous part
squeezed ventricle
s sign
stack of
stage of
stalk of
standard balloon
standard pin
standard uniplanar
standing wave.related
standing with
stanford type
stapedial branch
stapedius neural
staple line
starry night
stasis in
stasis of
static magnetic
static nuclear
statoacoustic nerve
steel embolization
steerable wire
stem of
stenosis of
step and
step.and.shoot scan
step.off vertebral
sterile matrix
sternal branch
sternal cupping
sternal end
sternal head
sternal part
sternoclavicular joint
sternocleidomastoid branch
sternocleidomastoid muscle
sternocostal head
stimulated acoustic
stimulated echo
st of
straight cluster
straight head
straight line
straight part
straight portion
straight single
straight sinus
straight tendon
straight wire
strap muscle
stratified columnar
stratified squamous
stratum basalis
stratum functionalis
stratum lemnisci
stratum of
stratum zonale
stretched bronchus
striae medullares
stria medullaris
stria of
striatal cell
striated muscle
stria terminalis
striatum of
stria vascularis
string.of.pearls sign
striped colon
stripe of
stripe sign
stromal neoplasm
stroma of
stroma proper
structure of
struggling antrum
stryker notch
stylohyoid branch
styloid process
stylomandibular ligament
stylopharyngeal branch
subacute combined
subacute necrotizing
subaortic common
subaortic lymph
subarcuate fossa
subareolar region
subarticular spinal
subcallosal cortex
subcapsular c
subcapsular line
subcarinal lymph
subcervical gland
subcervical part
subclavian arterial
subclavian artery
subclavian branch
subclavian lymphatic
subclavian neural
subclavian venous
subclavius muscle
subcollicular part
subcollicular urethral
subcoracoid part
subcoracoid recess
subcortex of
subcortical arteriosclerotic
subcortical gray
subcortical nodular
subcortical segment
subcostal neural
subcuneiform area
subcutaneous abdominal
subcutaneous infrapatellar
subdiaphragmatic para.aortic
subdiaphragmatic preaortic
subdiaphragmatic pre.aortic
subdivision of
subependymal giant
subependymal nodular
subependymoma .who
subepithelial connective
subgenual frontal
subgyral segment
subiculum of
subjective focal.spot
sublabral recess
sublenticular extended
sublenticular limb
sublenticular part
sublentiform limb
sublentiform part
sublingual fossa
sublingual neural
sublingual salivary
submandibular and
submandibular fossa
submandibular ganglion
submandibular lymph
submandibular salivary
submedial nucleus
submental lymph
submucosal gland
submucosal part
submucosa of
suboccipital neural
suboccipital venous
suboptimal gradient
suboptimal patient
subpatellar mucous
subperitoneal connective
subperitoneal pelvic
subphrenic interposition
subphrenic space
subpleural curvilinear
subpyloric lymphatic
subpyloric lymph
subsartorial nerve
subscapular arterial
subscapular fossa
subscapularis branch
subscapularis recess
subscapular nerves
subscapular neural
subscapular recess
subsegmental lymph
subsegmental part
subsegmental pulmonary
subsegment of
subserosal part
subserosa of
subserous layer
substance administration
substance of
substantia gelatinosa
substantia innominata
substantia intermedia
substantia nigra.
substantia nigra
substantia propria
substantia visceralis
subsuperior segmental
subtendinous bursa
subtendinous iliac
subtendinous prepatellar
subthalamic nuclear
subthalamic nucleus
subtrigeminal part
subtrigonal gland
subtrigonal part
sulcal segment
sulcus for
sulcus intermedius
sulcus of
sun burst
sunburst periosteal
sunrise 20
sunrise 40
sunrise 60
superciliary arch
superconducting shim
superficial area
superficial axillary
superficial band
superficial brachial
superficial branch
superficial buccal
superficial central
superficial cerebral
superficial cervical
superficial chest
superficial deltoid
superficial extrinsic
superficial fascia
superficial femoral
superficial fibular
superficial flexor
superficial gray
superficial grey
superficial head
superficial hypothenar
superficial inferior
superficial infrapatellar
superficial investing
superficial lateral
superficial layer
superficial limb
superficial lymph
superficial medial
superficial middle
superficial molecular
superficial muscle
superficial musculature
superficial needle
superficial nerve
superficial olecranon
superficial palmar
superficial parotid
superficial part
superficial perineal
superficial peroneal
superficial pes
superficial posterior
superficial postvertebral
superficial pyramidal
superficial radial
superficial temporal
superficial tendon
superficial transverse
superficial trigonal
superficial white
superior alveolar
superior anal
superior anastomotic
superior and
superior angle
superior anterior
superior aortic
superior articular
superior belly
superior border
superior brachial
superior branches
superior branch
superior bulb
superior bursa
superior cardiac
superior central
superior cerebellar
superior cerebral
superior cervical
superior choroidal
superior choroid
superior clunial
superior collicular
superior colliculus
superior compartment
superior conjunctival
superior constrictor
superior corona
superior dental
superior diaphragmatic
superior division
superior duodenal
superior epigastric
superior extensor
superior facet
superior fascia
superior flap
superior fovea
superior frontal
superior fronto.occipital
superior ganglion
superior gemellus
superior genial
superior genicular
superior gingival
superior glenohumeral
superior gluteal
superior head
superior hemorrhoidal
superior horn
superior hypophyseal
superior ileocecal
superior ileocolic
superior infrapatellar
superior intercostal
superior internal
superior ischial
superior labial
superior lamina
superior laryngeal
superior lateral
superior left
superior ligament
superior linear
superior lingular
superior lobar
superior longitudinal
superior lumbar
superior macular
superior major
superior margin
superior masenteric
superior mediastinal
superior medullary
superior mental
superior mesenteric
superior mesial
superior middle
superior minor
superior nasal
superior notch
superior nuchal
superior oblique
superior occipital
superior occipitofrontal
superior olivary
superior olive
superior ophthalmic
superior orbital
superior palpebral
superior pancreatic
superior pancreaticoduodenal
superior pancreaticosplenic
superior para.aortic
superior paraaortic
superior paraolivary
superior parietal
superior part
superior pelvic
superior petrosal
superior pharyngeal
superior pole
superior portion
superior posterior
superior pre.aortic
superior preaortic
superior pubic
superior quadrigeminal
superior radiation
superior recess
superior rectal
superior rectus
superior region
superior renal
superior right
superior root
superior sagittal
superior salivary
superior salivatory
superior scapular
superior segmental
superior segment
superior semilunar
superior sphincter
superior subscapular
superior surface
superior synovial
superior tarsal
superior tarsus
superior temporal
superior terminal
superior thalamic
superior thalamostriate
superior thoracic
superior thyroid
superior tibiofibular
superior tracheobronchial
superior transverse
superior triangle
superior trigeminal
superior trunk
superior two.thirds
superior tympanic
superior ulnar
superior vein
superior vena
superior vermian
superior vesical
superior vestibular
superior white
superior zone
superoinferior axial
superolateral face
superolateral region
superolateral segment
superolateral to
superolateral zone
superomedial border
superparamagnetic contrast
superparamagnetic iron
supinator muscle
supinator notch
supine lateral
sup orb
supplemental motor
supplementary motor
supraaortic valve
suprachiasmatic nucleus
suprachoroid lamina
supraclavicular lymph
supraclavicular nerves
supraclavicular neural
supraclavicular part
supraclinoid portion
supracolic space
supracollicular part
supracollicular urethral
supracommissural hippocampal
suprageniculate thalamic
supraglottic part
suprahyoid branch
supramarginal area
supramarginal gyrus.
supramarginal gyrus
suprameatal spine
suprameatal triangle
supraoptic commissure
supraoptic commissures.
supra.optic fibers
supraoptic nuclear
supraoptic nucleus
supra.orbital arterial
supraorbital margin
supra.orbital nerve
supraorbital nerve
supra.orbital neural
suprapatellar synovial
suprapineal recess
suprapyloric lymphatic
suprapyloric lymph
suprarenal impression
suprascapular arterial
suprascapular nerve
suprascapular neural
suprascapular notch
supraspinal part
supraspinal region
supraspinatus branch
supraspinatus fossa
supraspinous part
suprasternal branch
suprasternal part
supratentorial primitve
supratonsillar segment
supratrochlear neural
supravesical fossa
suprazygomatic crest
supreme intercostal
supreme nasal
sural communicating
sural neural
surface coil
surface of
surface proper
surgical capsule
surgical neck
suspensory ligament
suspensory retinaculum
sustained homogeneous
suture anchor
suture joint
suture of
swallowing function
swan.ganz catheter
swan neck
symmetric 2d
symmetric 2
symmetric liver
sympathetic branch
sympathetic connection
sympathetic nervous
sympathetic paraganglia
sympathetic part
sympathetic postganglionic
sympathetic root
sympathetic trunk
sympathetic trunks
symphysial part
synchondrosis of
synchronous rf
syndesmosis of
synovial bursa
synovial capsule
synovial cavity
synovial fold
synovial joint
synovial layer
synovial membrane
synovial tendon
synovitis due
synovium of
systemic arterial
systemic inflammatory
systemic venous
systolic jet
t10 branch
t10 nucleus
t10 segment
t10 sympathetic
t10 vertebral
t11 branch
t11 nucleus
t11 segment
t11 sympathetic
t11 vertebral
t12 branch
t12 nucleus
t12 root
t12 segment
t12 sympathetic
t12 vertebral
t1 branch
t1 dorsal
t1.l2 segment
t1 nucleus
t1 root
t1 segment
t1segment of
t1 sympathetic
t1 tumor
t1 ventral
t1 vertebral
t2 branch
t2 nucleus
t2 segment
t2 star
t2 sympathetic
t2 tumor
t2 vertebral
t3a tumor
t3 branch
t3b tumor
t3c tumor
t3 nucleus
t3 segment
t3 sympathetic
t3 tumor
t3 vertebral
t4a tumor
t4 branch
t4b tumor
t4 nucleus
t4 segment
t4 sympathetic
t4 tumor
t4 vertebral
t5 branch
t5 nucleus
t5 segment
t5 sympathetic
t5 vertebral
t6 branch
t6 nucleus
t6 segment
t6 sympathetic
t6 vertebral
t7 branch
t7 nucleus
t7 segment
t7 sympathetic
t7 vertebral
t8 branch
t8 nucleus
t8 segment
t8 sympathetic
t8 vertebral
t9 branch
t9 nucleus
t9 segment
t9 sympathetic
t9 vertebral
table.gantry translation
taenia choroidea
taenia coli
taeniae coli
taenia libera
taenia mesocolica
taenia of
taenia omentalis
tagged white
tail of
talar beak
talk to
taller than
tangential fibers
tangential fibres
tangled thick
tanycytic ependymoma
tapetum of
target liver
targetoid transitional
target practice
target sign
target temperature
tarsal gland
tc.99m dimercapto
tc.99m hepatobiliary
tc.99m human
tc.99m labeled
tc.99m macroaggregated
tc.99m nofetumomab
tc.99m red
tc.99m sulfur
tc.99m white
tear drop
tear drop.shaped
teardrop sign
tear of
teat and
tech dose
technetium.99m dimercapto
tecto.olivary fibers
tectoreticular fibers
tectorial membrane
tectospinal tract
tegmen of
tegmental area
tegmental field
tegmental portion
tegmental reticular
tegmentum of
tela choroidea
telangiectatic focal
telencephalic medial
telephone receiver
telephone receiver.shaped
temperature monitoring
temporal brain
temporal branches
temporal branch
temporal crest
temporal enhancement
temporal frontal
temporal horn
temporal limb
temporal line
temporal lobe
temporal occipital
temporal pattern
temporal pole
temporal process
temporal segment
temporal surface
temporal thalamic
temporary embolic
temporary pacemaker
temporo.occipital branch
temporo.occipital part
temporoparietal brain
temporopolar area
temporopontine fibers
tendinous arch
tendinous cords
tendinous insertion
tendinous sheath
tendon complex
tendon of
tendon proper
tenia choroidea
tenia of
tennis racquet
tensor fasciae
tensor fascia
tensor tympani
tensor veli
tenth cranial
tenth intercostal
tenth rib
tenth thoracic
tentorial basal
tentorial marginal
tentorial surface
teres major
teres minor
terminal branch
terminal esophageal
terminal notch
terminal nucleus
terminal part
terminal sulcus
terminal superficial
terry thomas
tertiary follicle
test bolus
testis vas
testis. vas
tetralogy of
thalamic fasciculus
thalamic gustatory
thalamolenticular portion
thalamoparietal fibers
thenar muscular
thickened gallbladder
thickened posterior
thickened sclera
thick wall
third anterior
third belly
third cervical
third coccygeal
third common
third coronary
third diagonal
third distal
third dorsal
third finger
third generation
third intercostal
third interspinalis
third lateral
third left
third lumbar
third lumbrical
third marginal
third medial
third mediastinal
third metacarpal
third metatarsal
third mogul
third obtuse
third occipital
third palmar
third part
third plv
third posterior
third posterolateral
third proper
third rib
third right
third sacral
third superior
third tendon
third thoracic
third toe
third ventricular
thoracic cardiac
thoracic cavity
thoracic constriction
thoracic ductal
thoracic duct
thoracic facet
thoracic ganglia
thoracic ganglion
thoracic imaging
thoracic inlet
thoracic intertransversarii
thoracic intervertebral
thoracic lymph
thoracic neural
thoracic outlet
thoracic part
thoracic pulmonary
thoracic region
thoracic segment
thoracic segments
thoracic spinal
thoracic spine
thoracic splanchnic
thoracic subsegment
thoracic sympathetic
thoracic vertebral
thoraco.acromial arterial
thoraco.acromial venous
thoracodorsal arterial
thoracodorsal nerve
thoracodorsal neural
thoracolumbar spine
thoracolumbar vertebral
thread.and.streak sign
three dimensional
three phase
threshold enhancement
threshold growth
through enteroclysis
through existing
through ilial
thymic branch
thymic sail
thymic wave
thyrocervical arterial
thyro.epiglottic part
thyroepiglottic part
thyroglossal duct
thyroid articular
thyroid branch
thyroid foramen
thyroid lymph
thyropharyngeal part
tibial collateral
tibial condylar
tibial division
tibial intercondylar
tibialis anterior
tibialis posterior
tibial neural
tibial segment
tibial sesamoid
tibiotalar slant
tiger eye
tigroid pattern.
time from
time of
timi grade
tip of
ti.rad risk
ti.rads risk
tissue component
tissue magnetic
tissue of
tissue or
tissue rim
titanium interbody
tonsillar branches
tonsillar branch
tonsillohemispheric artery
tonsil of
too small
toothpaste small
torus of
tositumomab .amp.
total anomalous
total ossicular
toxic gas
trabecula of
trabecular tissue
trace of
tracheal branches
tracheal branch
tracheal overlap
tracheobronchial lymph
track closure
track sign
tract of
tractus spiralis
tram line
tram track
tram.track rib
tram.track sign
transcatheter stent
transcutaneous electrical
transcutaneous needle
transdiaphragmatic herniation
transhepatic tube
transient ischemic
transitional cell
transitional epithelium
transitional meningioma
transitional phase
transition zone
transjugular intrahepatic
translate and
transmission scan
transmit radiofrequency
transmit.receive radiofrequency
transmit rf
transplanted kidney
transposition of
transpulmonary blood
transpulmonary microbubbles
transthoracic lateral
transversalis cervicis
transversalis fascia
transverse acetabular
transverse annular
transverse arch
transverse arytenoid
transverse band
transverse branch
transverse cervical
transverse colon
transverse crest
transverse crural
transverse cutaneous
transverse facial
transverse fibers
transverse fold
transverse folds
transverse foramen
transverse frontopolar
transverse geniculate
transverse head
transverse humeral
transverse intermeniscal
transverse layer
transverse ligament
transverse line
transverse medullary
transverse mesocolon
transverse metacarpal
transverse muscle
transverse occipital
transverse palatine
transverse part
transverse pericardial
transverse pontine
transverse process
transverse ridge
transverse sinus
transverse stripe
transverse superior
transverse temporal
transverse vesical
transversus abdominis
transversus nuchae
transvesical seminal
trapezium.trapezoid interosseous
trapezius branch
trapezoid part
trapped air
triangle of
triangular area
triangular fibrocartilage
triangular fossa
triangular fovea
triangular nucleus
triangular part
triangular ridge
triangular septal
tributary of
triceps brachii
triceps branch
tricuspid valve
trigeminal nerve
trigeminal neural
trigeminal nuclear
trigonal muscle
trigone of
trigone proper
triple bubble
trochanter of
trochar access
trochlea of
trochlear fossa
trochlear fovea
trochlear nerve
trochlear neural
trochlear spine
trough line
true anteroposterior
true ap
true lateral
true tumor
true vocal
trummerfeld scurvy
trunk of
trunk proper
trunks of
t tube
tubal air
tubal branch
tubal extremity
tubal glands
tube current.time
tube or
tuberal part
tuber cinereum
tubercle of
tuber of
tuberomammillary hypothalamic
tuberosity of
tuberous sclerosis
tubular artery
tubular small
tumbling bolt
tumbling bullet
tumefactive form
tumor in
tumor internal
tumor invasion
tumor.like lesion
tumor seeding
tumor stage
tumor thrombus
tumor track
tumor vascularity
tunica albuginea
tunica vaginalis
tunneled catheter
tunneled central
turbulent flow
twelfth rib
twelfth thoracic
twin dichorionic
twinkling star
twin peak
twisted.ribbon rib
twisted tape
two.dimensional selective
tympanic aperture
tympanic cavity
tympanic lip
tympanic neural
tympanic part
tympanic segment
type 1
type 2
type 3
type 4
type 5
type 6
type a
type b
type c
type d
type e
type f
type g
type i
type ii
type iii
type iv
type of
type vi
type v
typically benign
ulnar arm
ulnar arterial
ulnar attachment
ulnar canal
ulnar collateral
ulnar deviation
ulnar digital
ulnar head
ulnar metacarpophalangeal
ulnar nerve
ulnar neural
ulnar notch
ulnar proper
ulnar recurrent
ulnar sulcus
ulnar venous
ultra.high collimator
ultra.high energy
ultra high
ultrasmall superparamagnetic
ultrasonography procedure
ultrasound transducer
umbilical arterial
umbilical part
umbilical prevesical
umbilical venous
umbo of
unable to
uncinate bundle
uncinate fasciculus
uncinate process
uncompleted exam
uncrossed dorsal
unicameral bone
uniformity of
unintended perforation
unnamed branch
unnamed tributary
unpaired dural
unpaired thyroid
unstratified part
up ant
upper abdominal
upper anterior
upper band
upper branch
upper deep
upper edge
upper esophageal
upper extremity
upper gastrointestinal
upper gi
upper head
upper ileocolic
upper inner
upper lateral
upper limbic
upper limb
upper limit
upper lobar
upper lobe
upper lung
upper mediastinum
upper outer
upper para.aortic
upper paratracheal
upper part
upper pole
upper portion
upper posterior
upper pre.aortic
upper quadrant
upper region
upper respiratory
upper subscapular
upper triangle
upper trunk
upper uterine
upper zone
upright waters
ureteral proper
ureteral stent
ureteric segment
ureteropelvic junction
urethral crest
uric acid
urinary bladder
urinary fistula
urinary tract
uriniferous tubule
uriniferous tubules
urogenital part
usual interstitial
us visibility
uterine artery
uterine extremity
uterine glands
uterine orifice
uterine paracervical
uterine part
uterine tube
utricle of
utricular neural
utricular recess
utriculo.ampullary neural
uveal part
uvula of
uvular branch
v1 segment
v2 segment
v3 segment
v4 segment
vacuolar myelopathy
vacuum assisted
vacuum cleaner
vacuum disk
vacuum facet
vagal branch
vagal nerve
vagal part
vagal reaction
vaginal branch
vaginal nerves
vaginal or
vaginal process
vagus nerve
vagus neural
vallecula of
valve pressure
valves of
valvular heart
vanishing tumor
van neck
variable detector
variant ansa
variant branch
variant cervical
variant dorsal
variant gray
variant inferior
variant interganglionic
variant lumbar
variant mesentery
variant paravertebral
variant peritoneal
variant root
variant spinal
variant superficial
variant supraduodenal
variant thoracic
variant vertebral
variation of
vascular access
vascular anomaly
vascular branch
vascular bundles
vascular circle
vascular convergence
vascular cut.off
vascular disorder
vascular entrapment
vascular flow
vascular fold
vascularity not
vascularity present
vascular lamina
vascular layer
vascular loop
vascular nerves
vascular nodule
vascular organ
vascular plethora
vascular pole
vascular treatment
vascular tree
vasculature of
vas prominens
vas spirale
vastus intermedius
vastus lateralis
vastus medialis
vault of
vector phased
vein of
veins of
velpeau axillary
vena cava
vena comitans
vena comitantes
vena gastro.omentalis
venous shunt
venous sinus
venous treatment
venous tree
ventral acoustic
ventral amygdalofugal
ventral anterior
ventral branch
ventral component
ventral cortical
ventral corticospinal
ventral crossed
ventral external
ventral fasciculi
ventral fasciculus
ventral funiculus
ventral gigantocellular
ventral gray
ventral grey
ventral horn
ventral intermediate
ventralis anterior
ventral lamella
ventral lateral
ventral medial
ventral median
ventral mediodorsal
ventral nuclear
ventral nuclei
ventral nucleus
ventral oculomotor
ventral paramedian
ventral paraventricular
ventral part
ventral peduncle
ventral periolivary
ventral pontoreticulospinal
ventral portion
ventral posterior
ventral posteroinferior
ventral posterolateralal
ventral posterolateral
ventral posteromedial
ventral premammillary
ventral principal
ventral rami
ventral raphespinal
ventral raphe
ventral reticular
ventral reticulospinal
ventral root
ventral sacroiliac
ventral secondary
ventral segment
ventral spinocerebellar
ventral spinothalamic
ventral subdivision
ventral subnucleus
ventral supra.optic
ventral supraoptic
ventral surface
ventral tegmental
ventral tier
ventral tributary
ventral trigeminal
ventral trigeminothalamic
ventral vestibulospinal
ventral white
ventral zone
ventricle of
ventricular branch
ventricular septal
ventricular system
ventrocaudal thalamic
ventrolateral group
ventrolateral nucleus
ventrolateral prefrontal
ventrolateral segment
ventrolateral sulcus
ventrolateral thalamic
ventromedial group
ventromedial hypothalamic
ventromedial nucleus
ventromedial part
ventromedial segment
vermis of
vermis part
verrucous keratotic
vertebral arch
vertebral arterial
vertebral body
vertebral border
vertebral canal
vertebral column
vertebral fade.off
vertebral segment
verterbal part
vertex of
vertical crest
vertical limb
vertical long
vertical muscle
vertical occipital
vertical segment
vessel of
vessels in
vessels of
vestibular lip
vestibular neural
vestibular nuclear
vestibular nuclei
vestibular part
vestibular surface
vestibule of
vestibulocochlear arterial
vestibulocochlear nerve
vestibulocochlear neural
vestibulospinal tract
vestigial embryonic
via enteroclysis
via existing
vicq d.apos.azyr
video image
view.to.view intensity
villous folds
vincula breve
vincula longum
vincula of
vipr k.space
virchow inferior
visceral abdominal
visceral branch
visceral fascia
visceral lymph
visceral para.aortic
visceral part
visceral pelvic
visceral peritoneum
visceral pre.aortic
visceral preaortic
visceral serous
visceral surface
viscerocranial mucosal
viscerocranial mucosa
viscous serous
visible anatomic
visible internal
visual area
visual association
vocal process
volar compartment
volar plate
volar radioulnar
volar space
volar ulnocarpal
volar ulnolunate
volar ulnotriquetral
volume ct
volume rendering
von gudden
von rosen
v sign
wagging tongue
waist of
waiting for
wall of
wall proper
wall sign
washout delayed
wasp waist
water droplets
watering can
water lily
water soluble
waters stereo
waters upright
weber type
wedge compression
weight.based reconstitution
weight.bearing axial
well differentiated
wernicke visual
west point
white column
white commissure
white communicating
white line
white matter
white pulp
white ramus
white substance
whole.body detector
whole body
whole portion
widened disk
widened interspinous
widened loop
widened suture
wider than
wigby taylor
wimberger ring
wimberger sign
wine glass
wine goblet
wing of
with delayed
with fetal
with independent
within.view motion
without and
without fetal
without independent
without physician
with physician
wo .amp.
w.o and
wo and
workers.apos. compensation.related
workers.apos. comp.related
wrist joint
xenon imaging
xenon ionization
x.ray equipment
xray equipment
y.90 ibitumomab
yolk sac
z.axis tube
zebra stripe
zero.filling of
zero frequency
zero line
zipper in
zona fasciculata
zona glomerulosa
zonal layer
zonal subnucleus
zona reticularis
zone of
zonular space
zoom gradient
zygapophyseal joint
zygomatic branches
zygomatic branch
zygomatic margin
zygomatic neural
zygomaticofacial branch
zygomaticomaxillary suture
zygomaticotemporal branch
zygomatic process
zygomaticus major
zygomaticus minor
