0.5h post
10min post
10m post
123i.phenylpentadecanoic acid
1.2.3 sign
12.month follow.up
12.month f.u
1.2 muscles
1.2 views
1.5h post
1.5hr post
15min post
15m post
18f.sodium fluoride
1h post
1hr post
1 level
1 view
2.3 views
2.4 views
2.5 lesions
2h post
2hr post
2 views
30min post
30m post
3.4 views
3.5 views
3d angiography
3d post.processing
3d ultrasound
3.month follow.up
3 sign
3 vent
3 views
45min post
45m post
4.5 views
48h post
48hr post
4.dimensional ct
4d ultrasound
4 views
.5h post
5 views
6.10 lesions
6.month follow.up
6.month f.u
6 views
7 views
80. adult
8 views
90m post
99mtc apcitide
99mtc arcitumomab
99mtc bicisate
99mtc disofenin
99mtc dmsa
99mtc exametazine
99mtc fanolesomab
99mtc gluceptate
99mtc hdp
99mtc hida
99mtc hsa
99mtc maa
99mtc mag.3
99mtc mdp
99mtc mebrofenin
99mtc mertiatide
99mtc pertechnetate
99mtc pyp
99mtc rbcs
99mtc sc
99mtc sestamibi
99mtc tetrofosmin
a1 cortex
abdomen proper
abdomen wall
abdominal aorta
abdominal arteries
abdominal back
abdominal cavity
abdominal compartment
abdominal esophagus
abdominal front
abdominal musculature
abdominal peritoneum
abdominal quadrant
abdominal radiology
abdominal region
abdominal subdivision
abdominal surface
abdominal vasculature
abdominal veins
abdominal vessels
abdominal wall
abdominopelvic cavity
abdominopelvic compartment
abdominopelvic junction
abdominopelvic region
abdominoperineal resection
abducens colliculus
abducens nerve
abducent nerve
abernethy fascia
aber view
abrikossoff tumor
abrupt interface
abscess complication
absent rim
acalculous cholecystitis
acanthioparietal projection
acanthosis nigricans
acceleration.encoding gradient
accentuated lordosis
accessory breast
accessory nerve
accessory pancreas
accessory spleen
access procedure
accordian sign
accordion sign
ace inhibitor
acellular membrane
acetabular fossa
acetabular labrum
acetabular notch
achilles tendon
ac joint
acl tear
acorn deformity
acoustic area
acoustic eminence
acoustic neuroma
acoustic radiation
acoustic schwannoma
acoustic teeth
acoustic tubercle
acquired cholesteatoma
acquisition duration
acromio.clavicular joint
acromioclavicular joint
acromion cartilage
acromion proper
acromion surface
acromion zone
acr ti.rads
actionable finding
active expiration
acute abd
acute abdomen
acute flex
acute flexion
adam.apos.s apple
adc map
adc measurement
adc value
addison plane
additional area
additional day
additional gestation
additional location
additional procedure
additional puncture
additional site
additional vessel
additional views
adductor canal
adductor tubercle
adenohypophysis zone
adenoid hyperplasia
adenoid vegetation
adenomatous neoplasm
adenomatous polyp
adenosine stress
adenosquamous carcinoma
adenosquamous neoplasm
adipose tissue
adolfactory area
adrenal artery
adrenal cortex
adrenal gland
adrenal medulla
adrenal region
adrenal surgery
adrenal vein
adrenal vessel
adrenal vessels
adynamic ileus
after procedure
after voiding
age appropriate
agger nasi
aggressive fibromatosis
aggressiveness descriptor
aggressive osteoblastoma
ahlback disease
ahlb√§ck disease
ahlbaeck disease
aids cholangitis
air bronchogram
air containing
air contrast
air crescent
air embolism
air trapping
airway abnormality
airway ectasia
alar fascia
alar ligament
albal stalk
albarran gland
alcohol.induced disorder
alderman nerve
alexander view
aliasing artifact
alimentary air
alimentary system
alkaline encrustation
alkaline.induced disorder
almost certainly
alobar holoprosencephaly
alport syndrome
als structure
alveolar arch
alveolar canal
alzheimer disease
ambiens gyrus
ambient cistern
ambiguus nucleus
ambulatory phlebectomy
ameloblastic fibrodentinoma
ameloblastic fibroma
ameloblastic fibro.odontoma
ameloblastic fibrosarcoma
ameloblastic odontosarcoma
amiculum olivae
ammon horn
amniotic fluid
a.mode ultrasound
amorphous calcification
amount modifier
amygdala subdivision
amygdaloclaustral area
amygdalohippocampal area
amygdaloid body
amygdaloid complex
amygdaloid nucleus
amyloid angiopathy
amyloid arthropathy
amyloid deposition
anal canal
anal sphincter
analytical difficulty
analytical reconstruction
anaplastic astrocytoma
anaplastic ependymoma
anaplastic meningioma
anaplastic oligoastrocytoma
anaplastic oligodendroglioma
anastomotic leak
anastomotic narrowing
anatomical anomaly
anatomical cavity
anatomical cluster
anatomical compartment
anatomical conduit
anatomical contrast
anatomical entity
anatomical fissure
anatomical fold
anatomical junction
anatomical line
anatomical lobe
anatomically.related descriptor
anatomically.specified artery
anatomically.specified vein
anatomical orifice
anatomical passageway
anatomical plane
anatomical point
anatomical set
anatomical snuffbox
anatomical space
anatomical spaces
anatomical structure
anatomical surface
anatomical valve
anatomic artifact
anatomic cluster
anatomic compartment
anatomic conduit
anatomic derangement
anatomic entity
anatomic junction
anatomic set
anatomic structure
anatomic sub.part
anatomic success
anchor screw
anconeus muscle
anconeus tendon
andersson lesion
androgen producing
anembryonic pregnancy
aneurysm clip
angina complication
angiofollicular hyperplasia
angiography attribute
angiomatous meningioma
angiotensin.converting.enzyme inhibitor
angio time
angle sign
angular gyrus
angular margin
angular vein
angulated margin
ankle arteries
ankle bone
ankle fracture
ankle joint
ankle mortise
ankle retinacula
ankle skin
ankle vessels
ankylosing spondylitis
annular fissure
annular tear
annular transducer
annulus fibrosus
anococcygeal nerve
anomalous enhancement
anorectal flexure
ansa cervicalis
ansa lenticularis
ansa peduncularis
ansa subclavia
ansoparamedian fissure
anteater sign
antebrachial fascia
antecubital vein
antenna applicator
antenna coil
anterior chest
anterior colliculus
anterior commissure
anterior deltoid
anterior forceps
anterior fossa
anterior mediastinum
anterior nucleus
anterior peduncle
anterior plane
anterior ramus
anterior resection
anterior tubercle
anterior urethra
anterodorsal nucleus
anterolateral projection
anterolateral system
anteromedial nucleus
anteroposterior projection
anteroventral nucleus
anterversion measurement
antibiotic beads
antihelical fossa
anti.ringing filter
antiringing filter
antitragus muscle
antral gastritis
anulo.olivary fibers
anulo.olivary fibres
ao root
aortic arch
aortic bulb
aortic coarctation
aortic dissection
aorticorenal ganglia
aortic root
aortic stenosis
aortic valve
aortopulmonary window
apatite.related arthropathy
apert syndrome
apical cap
apical petrositis
apical pleura
apical projection
apical sign
appendiceal mucocele
appendicular artery
appendicular skeleton
appendicular vein
appendix base
appendix epiploica
appendix epithelium
appendix lumen
appendix mucosa
appendix orifice
appendix proper
appendix serosa
appendix submucosa
appendix subserosa
appendix surface
appendix tip
appendix wall
appendix zone
applecore lesion
apple.on.a.string heart
applesauce sign
appointment time
ap projection
approximate reconstruction
appt confirmation
appt time
ap view
aqueduct .sylvius.
aqueous humor
arachnoid cyst
arachnoid granulation
arachnoid mater
arachnoid trabecula
arachnoid villus
arbor vitae
arcelin view
architectual distortion
architectural distortion
archive commit
arcuate eminence
arcuate fascicle
arcuate fasciculus
arcuate nucleus
arcuate nucleus.1
arcuate nucleus.2
arcuate nucleus.3
arcuate sign
area 27
area 46
area dentata
areae gastricae
area postrema
area x
areolar gland
a ring
arm muscle
arnold.chiari syndrome
arnold ganglion
arnold nerve
arnold nerves
arrhythmia artifact
arrowhead sign
arrowhead urethra
arterial anastomosis
arterial anomaly
arterial dissection
arterial flow
arterial phase
arterial plexus
arterial segment
arterial switch
arterial system
arterial trunk
arterial vessel
arterio.venous fistula
arteriovenous fistula
arteriovenous hemangioma
arteriovenous malformation
arterovenous fistula
arthritis descriptor
arthritis mutilans
arthritis serology
arthroplasty device
arthroplasty loosening
arthroplasty subsidence
articular capsule
articular cartilage
articular disc
articular facet
articularis cubiti
articularis genu
articularis genus
articular surface
artificial disk
aryepiglottic fold
arytenoid cartilage
asbestos.related disease
ascending aorta
ascending cholangitis
ascending colon
ascending mesocolon
asherman syndrome
ask.upmark kidney
assessment procedure
assisted effectiveness
asterisk sign
asymmetrical enhancement
asymmetric enhancement
asymmetric size
ataxia telangiectasia
atheromatous embolism
atheromatous plaque
atherosclerotic aneurysm
atherosclerotic plaque
atlanto.axial joint
atlantoaxial joint
atlantoaxial ligament
atlanto.occipital articulation
atlantooccipital articulation
atlanto.occipital joint
atlanto.occipital ligament
atl occip
at rest
atrial appendage
atrial septum
atrophic gastritis
attenuation characteristic
atypical epithelium
atypical lipoma
atypical meningioma
audio transmitted
auditory cortex
auditory ossicle
auditory tubercle
augmentation cystoplasty
augmentation maneuver
auricular appendage
auricular cartilage
auricular muscle
auriculotemporal nerve
autoimmune disease
autoimmune pancreatitis
autonomic ganglion
autonomic nerve
autonomic nerves
autonomic plexus
avalanche diode
avascular necrosis
average diameter
average risk
a.v fistula
av fistula
avulsion fracture
axial plane
axial projection
axial skeleton
axillary adenopathy
axillary artery
axillary nerve
axillary region
axillary ribs
axillary tail
axillary vein
axillary view
axiolateral projection
ax tail
azygoesophageal recess
azygos arch
azygos continuation
azygos fissure
azygos vein
baastrup disease
backfire fracture
backwash ileitis
bacterial infection
bag.of.worms sign
baker cyst
balanced ssfp
ball.and.cup sign
ball.on.a.tee sign
ball.on.tee sign
balloon catheter
balloon deployment
balloon kyphoplasty
balloon length
balloon material
balloon.on.a.string sign
balloon type
balloon valve
ball.shaped mass
ball sign
bamboo spine
banana sign
band heterotopia
banding artifact
bankart deformity
bariatric surgery
barium embolism
barium enema
barium paste
barlow syndrome
barrett esophagus
bartholin gland
bartholins duct
bartholins gland
barton fracture
basal forebrain
basal ganglia
basal vein
baseball finger
basilar artery
basilar meningitis
basilar sulcus
basilar view
basilic vein
basis pontis
basket retrieval
bas.relief sign
battery pack
bauhin valve
beaded ureter
beak sign
beam collimation
beam pitch
beam.shaping filter
beclere view
beehive.on.the.bladder sign
beger procedure
being held
bell nerve
bending maneuver
bending position
bending view
benign cementoblastoma
benign entity
benign finding
bennett fracture
bergman sign
berry aneurysm
berry.type aneurysm
bertel view
bertin bone
bertin column
bertin columns
between brain
biceps anchor
biceps brachii
bicipital aponeurosis
bicipital tuberosity
bicipitolabral junction
bicipitoradial bursa
bicornate uterus
bicornuate uterus
bicuspid tooth
bicycle exercise
bifurcated ligament
bile duct
bile.duct exploration
bile ducts
biliary apparatus
biliary contrast
biliary dilatation
biliary ducts
biliary dyskinesia
biliary.enteric anastomosis
biliary system
biliary tract
biliary tree
biliopancreatic bypass
biliopancreatic diversion
bilirubin.induced encephalopathy
bill rejected
bill rejection
binder jetting
binswanger disease
biological macromolecule
biological process
biopsy brush
biopsy coil
biopsy instrument
biphasic flow
biphasic mesothelioma
bipolar applicator
bipolar gradient
bi.rads 0
birads 0
bi.rads 1
birads 1
bi.rads 2
birads 2
bi.rads 3
birads 3
bi.rads 4
birads 4
bi.rads 4a
birads 4a
bi.rads 4b
bi.rads 4c
birads 4c
bi.rads 5
birads 5
bi.rads 6
birads 6
bi.rads assessment
birads assessment
bi.rads category
bi.rads n.a
bi.rads na
birads n.a
birads na
birdcage coil
bismuth germinate
bite sign
bitewing view
biventral lobule
blackett healy
bladder base
bladder calculus
bladder contrast
bladder disorder
bladder dome
bladder instability
bladder jet
bladder mucosa
bladder neck
bladder prolapse
bladder serosa
bladder sign
bladder stone
bladder subserosa
bladder surgery
blade.of.grass sign
blade plate
blalock.taussig shunt
bleeding complication
bletilla striata
blighted ovum
blinded interpretation
blind loop
blind pouch
blister.of.the.cervix sign
block vertebra
block vertebrae
blood disease
blood removal
blood signal
blood vessel
blood vessels
blount disease
blowout fracture
blunt injury
b.mode ultrasound
boari flap
bodily fluid
body cavity
body coil
body filter
body fluid
body piercing
body proper
body region
body substance
body.system.specific disorder
body wall
boerhaave syndrome
bolus infusion
bone age
bone crest
bone cyst
bone density
bone disorder
bone dowel
bone.forming neoplasm
bone fragment
bone graft
bone grafting
bone.in.bone sign
bone island
bone kernel
bone length
bone marrow
bone organ
bone process
bone region
bone spine
bone survey
bone tubercle
bony joint
bony labyrinth
bony palate
bora view
border sign
boundary effect
bourgery ligament
bourneville disease
boutonniere deformity
bouveret syndrome
bowel anastomosis
bowel contrast
bowel dyskinesia
bowing fracture
bowman capsule
bow sign
boxer muscle
boxer syndrome
box.like heart
boyden sphincter
bph nodule
brachial artery
brachial fascia
brachialis belly
brachialis muscle
brachialis tendon
brachial plexus
brachial vein
brachiocephalic artery
brachiocephalic vein
brachioradialis muscle
brachioradialis tendon
brach plex
brachytherapy catheter
brailsford disease
brain covering
brain damage
brain death
brain fasciculus
brain kernel
brain nucleus
brain region
brain segment
brainstem vein
brain stimulator
brain surface
brain tract
branchial pouch
branching calcification
breast cancer
breast density
breast duct
breast imaging
breast implant
breast mass
breast nodule
breast parenchyma
breast proper
breast quadrant
breast specimen
breast subdivision
breast surgery
breast tissue
breast vessels
breast view
breathing control
breathing maneuver
breathing suspension
bremsstrahlung imaging
brenner tumor
brewerton view
bridge plate
brim sign
b ring
broca area
broden view
brodie abscess
brodie bursa
brodmann area
bronchial artery
bronchial tree
bronchial vein
bronchiolar prominence
bronchiolo.alveolar carcinoma
bronchioloalveolar carcinoma
bronchoalveolar carcinoma
bronchoesophageal fistula
bronchovascular bundle
bronchus intermedius
brunner gland
brunner glands
buccal artery
buccal nerve
buccinator muscle
buccinator nerve
buccopharyngeal fascia
buchman disease
bucket.handle tear
buckle fracture
budd chiar
budd chiari
budd.chiari syndrome
buerger disease
bulbar conjunctiva
bulbar urethra
bulbopontine sulcus
bulboreticulospinal tract
bulbospongiosus belly
bulbospongiosus tendon
bulging disc
bullet.nosed vertebra
bullet.nose vertebra
bullet.shaped vertebra
bullet vertebrae
bullous emphysema
burdach nucleus
burman view
burns disease
burst fracture
butterfly coil
butterfly shadow
butterfly sign
c1 nerve
c1 segment
c1 vertebra
c2 nerve
c2 segment
c2 vertebra
c3 nerve
c3 segment
c3 vertebra
c4 nerve
c4 segment
c4 vertebra
c5 nerve
c5 segment
c5 vertebra
c6 nerve
c6 segment
c6 vertebra
c7 nerve
c7 segment
c7 vertebra
c8 nerve
c8 segment
ca1 field
ca2 field
ca3 field
ca4 field
cadmium iodide
cadmium telluride
caecal folds
caerulean nucleus
caeruleospinal tract
caffey disease
cahoon view
cake kidney
calamus scriptorius
calcaneal apophysis
calcaneal plate
calcaneal sulcus
calcaneal tuberosity
calcaneocuboid joint
calcaneofibular ligament
calcaneonavicular coalition
calcar avis
calcarine artery
calcarine spur
calcarine sulcus
calcification disorder
calcific periarthritis
calcium score
calcium stone
calc score
calculus removal
caldwell view
calf arteries
calibrated microspheres
call.back technical
callback technical
calleja island
callosomarginal artery
calot triangle
calyx surface
camalote sign
camp coventry
camper fascia
canaliculus innominatus
cancellous bone
cancellous screw
cane sign
canine fossa
canine tooth
cantlie line
capillary hemangioblastoma
capillary hemangioma
capillary malformation
capitohamate joint
capitohamate ligament
capitolunate joint
capsule appearance
caput musculi
caput .musculus.
caput ulnae
carbon.14 urea
carcinoid tumor
carcinoid valvulopathy
card gtd
cardiac acquisition
cardiac apex
cardiac chamber
cardiac defibrillator
cardiac failure
cardiac filter
cardiac ganglia
cardiac gated
cardiac.gated acquisition
cardiac gating
cardiac incisura
cardiac leaflet
cardiac radiology
cardiac region
cardiac septum
cardiac shunt
cardiac sphincter
cardiac tamponade
cardiac transplantation
cardiac triggering
cardiac vein
cardiac wall
cardiac zone
cardinal ligament
cardiomyopathy descriptor
cardiophrenic angle
cardiophrenic sulcus
cardiovascular complication
cardiovascular disorder
cardiovascular surgery
cardiovascular system
cardresp gated
cardresp.gated acquisition
cardresp gtd
carmustine wafer
caroli disease
caroticoclinoid foramen
caroticotympanic artery
caroticotympanic canaliculus
caroticotympanic nerve
caroticotympanic nerves
carotid arteries
carotid artery
carotid canal
carotid.cavernous fistula
carotid sinus
carotid space
carotid sulcus
carotid triangle
carotid vessels
carpal bone
carpal bridge
carpal canal
carpal joint
carpal sign
carpal tunnel
carpometacarpal joint
cartilage defect
cartilage disorder
cartilage.forming neoplasm
cartilage organ
cartilage process
cartilage tissue
cartilaginous joint
cartilaginous tissue
caspar plate
casserio muscle
casserio nerve
casting calcification
castleman disease
cathartic colon
catheter angiography
catheter coil
catheter descriptor
catheter exchange
catheter insertion
catheter placement
catheter removal
catheter replacement
catheter reposition
catheter retrieval
catlin sign
caudal colliculus
caudal commissure
caudal medulla
caudal view
caudate body
caudate nucleus
caudo.cranial projection
caudocranial projection
caustic colitis
caustic gastritis
caustic.induced disorder
causton view
cavernous angioma
cavernous artery
cavernous hemangioma
cavernous malformation
cavernous organ
cavernous sinus
cavernous transformation
cavitated organ
cavum trigeminale
cc fistula
cecal bascule
cecal caput
cecal fold
cecum caput
cecum lumen
cecum mucosa
cecum proper
cecum serosa
cecum submucosa
cecum subserosa
cecum surface
cecum wall
celiac artery
celiac axis
celiac disease
celiac ganglion
celiac nodes
celiac plexus
celiac sprue
cellular ependymoma
cellular schwannoma
cementifying fibroma
central canal
central enhancement
central fissure
central hypodensity
central lobe
central lobule
central neurocytoma
central nucleus
central nucleus.1
central osteophyte
central osteosarcoma
central plane
central scar
central sulcus
central tendon
centrilobular emphysema
centripetal fill.in
centripetal system
centromedian nucleus
centroparietal peduncle
cephalic vein
cephalic view
ceratocricoid ligament
ceratocricoid muscle
ceratoglossus muscle
cerebellar commissure
cerebellar cortex
cerebellar disorder
cerebellar falx
cerebellar liponeurocytoma
cerebellar medulla
cerebellar peduncle
cerebellar subcortex
cerebellar tentorium
cerebellar tonsil
cerebellar vein
cerebello.olivary fibers
cerebello.olivary fibres
cerebellopontine angle
cerebellospinal tract
cerebellum body
cerebellum hemisphere
cerebellum vermis
cerebral aqueduct
cerebral arteries
cerebral artery
cerebral cingulum
cerebral cisterns
cerebral cortex
cerebral crus
cerebral falx
cerebral fascicle
cerebral fasciculus
cerebral ganglioneuroblastoma
cerebral gyrus
cerebral hemiatrophy
cerebral hemisphere
cerebral herniation
cerebral lobe
cerebral medulla
cerebral medulloblastoma
cerebral neocortex
cerebral neuroblastoma
cerebral palsy
cerebral peduncle
cerebral sinuses
cerebral subcortex
cerebral vein
cerebral ventricle
cerebrospinal axis
cerebrospinal fluid
cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis
cerebrovascular accident
cerebrovascular disease
certainty descriptor
ceruleospinal tract
cerv foramina
cervical arteries
cervical brace
cervical canal
cervical cancer
cervical collar
cervical enlargement
cervical fascia
cervical ganglia
cervical ganglion
cervical intertransversarius
cervical ligament
cervical nerve
cervical plexus
cervical ribs
cervical rotator
cervical spine
cervical vertebra
cervicothoracic.brachial compartment
cervicothoracic enlargement
cervicothoracic ganglion
cervicothoracic junction
cervicothoracic sign
cervix endometrium
cervix myometrium
cervix parametrium
cervix surface
cesarean section
c gate
chalice sign
chamberlain view
chance fracture
changed protocol
charcot joint
charcot.marie.tooth disease
chassard lapine
chauffeur fracture
chausse ii
check tube
chemical element
chemical inversion
chemical saturation
chemical suppression
chest mass
chest musculature
chest pain
chest radiology
chest tube
chest veins
chest vessels
chest wall
chiari malformation
chiasmal zone
chilaiditi syndrome
child abuse
chimney coil
chisel fracture
choanal atresia
chocolate cyst
cholangiocellular carcinoma
cholangiopancreatic duct
cholangiopancreatic ducts
cholecystokinetic agent
choledochal cyst
cholegraphic contrast
cholesterol deposition
cholesterol embolism
cholesterol granuloma
cholesterol polyp
chondroblastic osteosarcoma
chondroglossus muscle
chondroid lipoma
chondromyxoid fibroma
chopart fracture.dislocation
chordae tendineae
chorda tympani
chordoid meningioma
chorioid plexus
chorionic villus
choroidal detachment
choroidal fissure
choroid membrane
choroid plexitis
choroid plexus
chromophobe adenocarcinoma
chronic discopathy
chronic tendinitis
chronic tendinopathy
chronic tendonitis
ciliary body
ciliary ganglion
ciliary muscle
ciliary plicae
ciliary process
ciliary vein
ciliary zonule
cine loop
cingulate area
cingulate gyrus
cingulate herniation
cingulate region
cingulate sulcus
cingulum bundle
circular mass
circular sulcus
circumferential enhancement
circumscribed margin
circumscribed neurofibroma
cirrhosis.associated nodules
cisterna magna
clarke column
clarke nucleus
classic medulloblastoma
claustrum diffusa
claustrum parvum
clavicle diaphysis
claw foot
claw hand
claw sign
clay suspension
cleaves view
cleland ligament
clements nakayama
clements view
click.murmur syndrome
clinical finding
clinical followup
clinical success
clinical transducer
clinician opinion
clip artifact
clip placement
clitoris body
clitoris prepuce
cloacogenic carcinoma
clockface position
cloquet canal
closed epiphysis
closed fracture
closed.loop hernia
closed.loop obstruction
closed mouth
clot disruption
clot removal
clover.leaf skull
cloverleaf skull
clumped enhancement
clustered microcysts
cluster.of.grapes sign
c.mode ultrasound
cn iii
cn viii
cn xii
co2 contrast
coarse calcification
coarse heterogeneous
coarse heterogenous
coats disease
cobalt.57 cyanocobalamin
cobblestone pattern
coccygeal ganglion
coccygeal ligament
coccygeal nerve
coccygeal segment
coccygeal vertebra
cochlear aqueduct
cochlear area
cochlear branch
cochlear canaliculus
cochlear cupula
cochlear duct
cochlear ganglion
cochlear implant
cochlear labyrinth
cochlear nerve
cochlear nuclei
cochlear nucleus
cochlear recess
cochlear septum
cochlear.vestibular nerve
cochleovestibular nerve
cockade image
cockayne syndrome
code correction
codfish vertebra
codman angle
codman triangle
coeliac ganglia
coeliac ganglion
coherence artifact
coherent ghost
coil geometry
coin lesion
colcher sussman
colic flexure
colic node
collagenous colitis
collar sign
collateral eminence
collateral ganglion
collateral sulcus
collateral trigone
colles fascia
colles fracture
collicular artery
collimation error
collis gastroplasty
colloid cyst
colo.anal anastomosis
coloanal anastomosis
coloanal pull.through
colon epithelium
colon haustra
colonic gland
colonic interposition
colonic resection
colon lumen
colon mucosa
colon serosa
colon sign
colon submucosa
colon subserosa
colon surgery
colon wall
color descriptor
colorectal cancer
colovesical fistula
colovesicular fistula
combined modalities
combined pattern
combined transducer
comb sign
comet sign
comet.tail artifact
comminuted fracture
commissural nucleus.1
commissura rostralis
commissure supramammillary
commissure y
common duct
communicating cyst
communicating hydrocephalus
compact bone
comparison image
comparison report
comparison section
compartment space
compartment subdivision
compartment syndrome
compensation filter
complete evaluation
completely solid
complex odontoma
complexus muscle
compliant balloon
complicated cyst
composition descriptor
compound odontoma
compression fracture
compression repair
computed imaging
computed radiography
computed tomography
computer.aided detection
concommitance descriptor
concommitance preposition
condensing osteitis
conductivity artifact
condylar canal
condylomata acuminata
cone view
confirm consent
congenital absence
congenital agammaglobulinemia
congenital cholesteatoma
congenital disease
congenital disorder
congenital malformation
congenital stenosis
congestive failure
cong malf
conjoined tendon
conjugated hyperbilirubinemia
conjugate synthesis
conjunctival gland
conjunctival ring
conjunctival sac
conjunctival vein
connective tissue
conoid ligament
conoid tubercle
conray 30
conray 43
constant.angle kernel
constrictive disease
constrictive pericarditis
consult requested
continuity zone
continuous delivery
continuous exposure
continuous imaging
contraceptive device
contrast agent
contrast complication
contrast imaging
conus artery
conus elasticus
conus medullaris
conventional radiography
conventional tomography
converging collimator
cooper ligament
coracoacromial arch
coraco.acromial ligament
coracoacromial ligament
coracobrachial bursa
coracobrachialis muscle
coracobrachialis tendon
coracoclavicular ligament
coracohumeral ligament
coracoid process
coral calculus
cor arts
cord comp
cord compression
cord sign
corduroy appearance
corduroy artifact
corduroy sign
core biopsy
core needle
corkscrew bowel
corkscrew collaterals
corkscrew esophagus
corkscrew sign
corkscrew ureter
corneal epithelium
corneal limbus
corneoscleral junction
corner sign
corniculate cartilage
corniculate tubercle
corona ciliaris
corona enhancement
coronal plane
coronal suture
coronal vein
corona radiata
coronary arteries
coronary artery
coronary calcification
coronary ligament
coronary sinus
coronary vein
coronary veins
coronoid fossa
cor pulmonale
corpus callosum
corpus cavernosum
corpus luteum
corpus medullare
corpus spongiosum
corpus striatum
correlation review
cortex intermedius
cortical bone
cortical screw
corticobulbar tract
corticomedullary organ
corticomedullary phase
corticomesencephalic fibers
corticomesencephalic fibres
corticonuclear fiber
corticonuclear fibers
corticonuclear fibres
corticopontine fiber
corticopontine fibers
corticopontine fibres
corticopontine tract
corticoreticular fiber
corticoreticular fibers
corticoreticular fibres
corticoreticulospinal tract
corticorubral fibers
corticorubral fibres
corticorubrospinal tract
corticospinal.corticobulbar pathway
corticospinal decussation
corticospinal fibers
corticospinal fibres
corticospinal tract
corticotectal fibers
corticotectal fibres
corticotectal tract
corticotectospinal tract
corticothalamic fibers
corticothalamic fibres
corti ganglion
cor veins
costal joints
costal pleura
costo.axillary vein
costocentral joint
costocervical artery
costocervical space
costocervical trunk
costoclavicular compartment
costoclavicular ligament
costoclavicular space
costomediastinal recess
costophrenic angle
costophrenic sulcus
costotransverse joint
costotransverse ligament
costovertebral joint
costovertebral ligament
cotyloid cavity
course heterogenous
covered stent
cowper gland
cowper glands
cowpers gland
cowper syringocele
cranial base
cranial colliculus
cranial foramina
cranial nerve
cranial pia.arachnoid
cranial suture
cranial synchondrosis
cranial syndesmosis
cranio.caudal projection
craniocaudal projection
craniocaudal ray
craniocervical junction
craniopharyngeal canal
craniothoracic junction
crazy.paving pattern
crazy.paving sign
crescent sign
cr gate
cribriform foramen
cribriform plate
crico.arytenoid joint
cricoarytenoid joint
crico.arytenoid ligament
cricoarytenoid ligament
cricoid cartilage
cricopharyngeal ligament
cricopharyngeal myotomy
cricothyroid artery
cricothyroid joint
cricothyroid ligament
cricothyroid muscle
cricothyroid tube
cricotracheal ligament
cr.iii..labeled rbcs
crisp interface
crisscross artifact
criss.cross grid
crista galli
crohn disease
cromlech sign
crossed ectopia
crossover sign
crt device
cruciate ligament
cruciform ligament
crural cistern
crural fascia
cruveilhier nerve
cryoplasty balloon
cryoprobe applicator
cryosurgical ablation
crystal arthropathy
crystal deposition
csf flow
csf leak
csf shunt
c sign
c spine
ct detector
ct device
ct scanogram
ct surview
ct topogram
cubital compartment
cubital tunnel
cuboideonavicular joint
cuboid tuberosity
culmen cortex
cumulus oophorus
cuneal cortex
cuneal gyrus
cuneate fasciculus
cuneate lobule
cuneate tubercle
cuneiform bone
cuneiform cartilage
cuneiform lobe
cuneiform nucleus
cuneiform tubercle
cuneocerebellar fibers
cuneocerebellar fibres
cuneocerebellar tract
cuneocuboid joint
cuneonavicular joint
cuneospinal fibers
cuneospinal fibres
cuneus gyrus
cunieform nucleus
cupola sign
current delivery
curvature malposition
curvature sign
curved sheath
curved transducer
cutaneous mass
cut down
cutting balloon
cyclops lesion
cymba conchae
cystic angiomatosis
cystic artery
cystic disease
cystic duct
cystic fibrosis
cystic hygroma
cystic nephroma
cystic plexus
cystic vein
cystine stone
cystitis cystica
cystitis glandularis
cysto.conray ii
cystoduodenal fold
cystografin dilute
cystohepatic triangle
cystourethrography chain
dabska tumor
dagger sign
dandy vein
danelius miller
danger space
darkshevich nucleus
data.acquisition period
dce mri
death complication
deciduous tooth
decub bilat
decubitis bilateral
decubitis view
decubitus bilateral
decubitus position
decubitus view
decussation tegmentum
dedifferentiated chondrosarcoma
dedifferentiated liposarcoma
deep biopsy
deep breaths
deep drainage
deep position
deep sedation
deep trigone
defecation maneuver
deficiency disorder
definitely not
degenerative disease
degenerative disorder
degenerative polyarthritis
degenerative spondylolisthesis
deiter nucleus
delay code
delayed emptying
delayed enhancement
delayed phase
delta sign
deltoid bursa
deltoid muscle
deltoid surface
deltoid tendon
deltoid tubercle
deltoid tuberosity
deltoid zone
deltopectoral node
dementia pugilistica
demyelinating disease
dendritic enhancement
denervation procedure
denonvilliers.apos. fascia
dens axis
dens fracture
density descriptor
density.related entity
dental device
dental filling
dental measurement
dental neoplasm
dental scan
dentate gyrus
dentate nucleus
dentatorubral fiber
dentatothalamic fibers
dentatothalamic tract
denticulate ligament
dentigerous cyst
dento.alveolar joint
deployment technique
depressed position
depression fracture
dequervain dislocation
dermal mass
dermatologic mass
dermoid cyst
desault dislocation
descending aorta
descending colon
descending mesocolon
desmoplastic fibroma
desmoplastic medulloblastoma
destruction pattern
detachable balloon
detector type
deteriorated disc
determination type
detrusor areflexia
detrusor hyperreflexia
detrusor region
developing asymmetry
developmental disorder
deviation position
device conversion
device descriptor
device exchange
device manipulation
device placement
device.related complication
device removal
device repair
device replacement
device retrieval
device revision
device status
dev status
diabetic cheiroarthropathy
diagnostic imaging
diagnostic quality
diagonal band
diagonal gyrus
dialysis catheter
dialysis fistula
dialysis shunt
dialysis spondyloarthropathy
diameter increase
diameter reduction
diameter stability
diaphragma sellae
diaphragmatic fascia
diaphragmatic hernia
diaphragmatic node
diaphragmatic peritoneum
diaphragmatic pleura
diaphragmatic rupture
diaphragmatic sulcus
diaphyseal fracture
diaphysis proper
diaphysis zone
dias disease
diastolic flow
diastolic pseudogating
diastrophic dwarfism
diastrophic dysplasia
diaz disease
dichorionic pregnancy
didelphys uterus
diencephalon ansa
diencephalon capsule
diencephalon commissure
diencephalon decussation
diencephalon lamina
diencephalon peduncle
diencephalon segment
diencephalon tract
dietrich disease
diffuse enhancement
diffuse exostosis
diffuse prostatitis
diffuse spasm
diffusion weighted
diffusion.weighted hyperintensity
diffusion weighting
dig 1
dig 2
dig 3
dig 4
dig 5
digastric belly
digastric fossa
digastric muscle
digastric tendon
digastric triangle
digestive system
digital radiography
digitization.error artifact
dilated cardiomyopathy
dilated duct
dilation procedure
dilator naris
dilution method
dimple sign
diploic space
diploic vein
dipyridamole stress
direct application
direct coronal
direct extension
direct injection
discal displacement
discal plane
disc bulge
disc containment
disc dessication
disc extrusion
discharge time
disc herniation
disc kidney
disc location
discogenic change
discoid atelectasis
disc protrusion
disc sequestrate
disc sequestration
disc sequestrum
disease progression
disease spread
disk kidney
displaced anatomy
displaced gas
displaced substance
distal embolization
distal epiphysis
distal humerus
distal metaphysis
distal tendon
distal tibia
dist humerus
distinctive rim
distortion observation
distribution modifier
distribution pattern
diverging collimator
diversion colitis
dobbhoff tube
dobutamine stress
doppler mode
dorsal claustrum
dorsal decubitis
dorsal decubitus
dorsal elbow
dorsal funiculus
dorsal pallidum
dorsal paraflocculus
dorsal ramus
dorsal striatum
dorsal thalamus
dorsolateral fasciculus
dorsolateral fissure
dorsolateral nucleus
dorsolateral sulcus
dorsolateral tract
dorsomedial nucleus
dorsoplantar projection
dorsum sellae
dose extravasation
double.arc.shadow sign
double.barreled colostomy
double.contrast imaging
double exposure
double.line sign
doudenal lumen
doudenal mucosa
doudenal orifice
doudenal serosa
doudenal submucosa
doudenal subserosa
doudenal surface
doudenal wall
doughnut kidney
doughnut sign
downstream duct
drainage catheter
drainage device
dressler syndrome
drip infusion
driven equilibrium
dromedary hump
dromedary kidney
dropped gallstones
drug.induced colitis
drug.induced disorder
dual.energy ct
dual interpretation
dual phase
dual source
ductal adenocarcinoma
ductal dilatation
ductal enhancement
duct changes
duct ectasia
ducts set
ductus reuniens
dumping syndrome
duodenal ampulla
duodenal bulb
duodenal epithelium
duodenal fold
duodenal gland
duodenal papilla
duodenal recess
duodenal switch
duodenojejunal junction
duodenojejunal orifice
duodenojejunal recess
duplex kidney
duplex ultrasound
duplication cyst
dural artery
dural based
dural ectasia
dura mater
during stress
during symptoms
duverney gland
dw hyperintensity
dyke.davidoff.masson syndrome
dysbaric osteonecrosis
dysplastic nodule
dystrophic calcification
early complication
early onset
ear.nose.throat disorder
ear surgery
ebstein anomaly
ebstein malformation
ecg gating
echogenic halo
echogenicity characteristic
echo imaging
echo planar
echo time
echo.train spin.echo
ectopic kidney
ectopic pregnancy
ectopic tissue
ectosplenial area
eddy currents
edge sign
edwards syndrome
eeg probe
effective mas
effusion descriptor
egg collection
egg.on.a.string heart
egg.on.its.side heart
egg retrieval
egg.shaped heart
egg.shaped mass
eggshell calcification
eg junction
ehrenritter ganglion
ejaculatory duct
ejection fraction
ekg gating
elasticity descriptor
elasticity imaging
elbow joint
elderly adult
electrical stimulator
electrocardiogram lead
electrode applicator
electroencephalogram probe
elevated amount
elevated position
ellipse sign
elliptical filter
elliptical mass
embolic agent
embolic material
emboliform nucleus
embolization coil
embryonal carcinoma
embryonal sarcoma
embryonal tumor
embryonic structure
emergency radiology
eminentia conchae
eminentia scaphae
emissary vein
emphysematous cholecystitis
emphysematous gastritis
emr down
emr up
encapsulated margin
encapsulated microbubbles
encephalocutaneous angiomatosis
encephalofacial haemangiomatosis
encephalotrigeminal angiomatosis
end colostomy
endemic osteoarthritis
end expiration
endo.abdominal fascia
endocavitary transducer
endocervical canal
endocrine disorder
endocrine pancreas
endograft placement
endolemniscal nucleus
endoluminal coil
endolymphatic duct
endolymphatic hydrops
endolymphatic sac
endometrial canal
endometrial cancer
endometrial cavity
endometrial stroma
endometriotic cyst
endometrium layer
endomyocardial fibrosis
endopeduncular nucleus
endopelvic fascia
endorectal coil
endorectal transducer
endorectal view
endoscopic sclerotherapy
endoscopic transducer
endotracheal tube
endovaginal coil
endovaginal transducer
endovaginal view
endovascular coil
endovascular device
endovascular transducer
end plate
end.to.end anastomosis
end.to.side anastomosis
enhancement pattern
enhancement phase
enhancement uniformity
enlarged liver
enlarged spleen
ent disorder
enteric ganglion
entering airway
enterocutaneous fistula
enteroenteric anastomosis
entero.enteric fistula
enteroenteric fistula
enterogenous cyst
enterovesical fistula
entorhinal area
entorhinal cortex
entrapment syndrome
entry phenomenon
enumeration term
eosinophilic cholangitis
eosinophilic colitis
eosinophilic cystitis
eosinophilic esophagitis
eosinophilic gastritis
eosinophilic gastroenteritis
eosinophilic granuloma
eosinophilic pneumonia
eosinophilic ureteritis
ependymal cyst
ependymal tumor
ependyma proper
epicranial aponeurosis
epicranius muscle
epidermal mass
epidermoid cyst
epidural anesthesia
epidural hematoma
epidural route
epidural space
epigastric fold
epigastric fossa
epigastric region
epigastrium surface
epiglottic cartilage
epiglottic tubercle
epiglottic vallecula
epiphyseal plate
epiploic appendage
epiploic appendagitis
epiploic foramen
episcleral artery
episcleral vein
epispadias repair
epithalamic commissure
epithalamus segment
epithelial mesothelioma
epithelial neoplasm
epithelioid hemangioendothelioma
epithelioid hemangioma
epithelium subdivision
epitympanic recess
equal density
equilibrium phase
erdheim.chester disease
erector spinae
erect view
ergometer exercise
erosive gastritis
erosive osteoarthritis
erosive osteoarthrosis
esophageal bougienage
esophageal cancer
esophageal dilatation
esophageal gland
esophageal intubation
esophageal plexus
esophageal secretion
esophageal vein
esophageal web
esophago.gastric anastomosis
esophagogastric junction
esophagus adventitia
esophagus epithelium
esophagus mucosa
esophagus segment
esophagus serosa
esophagus submucosa
esophagus subserosa
esophagus surface
esophagus surgery
esophagus wall
espohageal jet
essex.lopresti fracture
etching artifact
ethmoidal bulla
ethmoidal infundibulum
ethmoidal sinus
ethmoidal vein
ethmoid bone
ethmoidolacrimal suture
ethmoidomaxillary suture
ethmoid sinus
eustachian amygdala
eustachian tube
evaluate transplant
ewing sarcoma
exact reconstruction
exam cancelled
exam exported
exam markup
exam opened
exam reassigned
exam sendback
excisional biopsy
excretory phase
exemplary quality
exhalation maneuver
exocrine pancreas
expiration maneuver
exposure error
extension maneuver
extension position
extension view
extensor digitorum
extensor muscle
extensor retinacula
extensor retinaculum
external capsule
external cuneiform
external device
external ear
external fixator
external genitalia
external hydrocephalus
external oblique
external rotation
extracapsular silicone
extracorporeal application
extracranial vessels
extradural space
extra.embryonic structure
extraforaminal plane
extrahepatic duct
extramammary mass
extramedullary hematopoiesis
extramedullary space
extraocular muscle
extraperitoneal compartment
extraperitoneal space
extrapleural sign
extrapontine myelinolysis
extraserosal fascia
extra.thyroidal extension
extrathyroidal extension
extreme capsule
extremely dense
extremity arteries
extremity artery
extremity vein
extremity vessel
extremity vessels
ext rot
exudative retinitis
eye.of.the.tiger sign
f0. indeterminate
f1. normal
f2. abnormal.insignificant
f3. abnormal.significant
fabella sign
faceless kidney
facet block
facet joint
facial artery
facial bones
facial canal
facial colliculus
facial muscle
facial nerve
facial recess
facial vein
facies supratemporalis
fahr disease
fahr syndrome
failed back
falciform ligament
falciform lobe
fallen bladder
fallen fragment
fallopian tube
fallopian tubes
false lumen
false pelvis
falx cerebelli
falx cerebri
falx sign
fa map
familial dysautonomia
fascia dentata
fascia extraperitonealis
fascia organ
fasciculus cuneatus
fasciculus gracilis
fasciculus interfascicularis
fasciculus peduncularis
fasciculus sulcomarginalis
fasciola cinerea
fasciolar gyrus
fastigial nucleus
fastigiobulbar tract
fastigiospinal tract
fast.spin echo
fat body
fat containing
fat deposition
fat embolism
fatigue fracture
fat inversion
fat necrosis
fat packing
fat saturation
fat sign
fat suppression
fatty layer
fatty liver
fatty neoplasm
fatty streak
fbi sign
fdg.pet suv
feeding arteries
feeding artery
feeding tube
female abdomen
female areola
female back
female breast
female chest
female nipple
female pelvis
female perineum
female thorax
female trunk
female urethra
fem neck
femoral arteries
femoral artery
femoral canal
femoral caput
femoral condyle
femoral diaphysis
femoral epiphysis
femoral fossa
femoral head
femoral hernia
femoral metaphysis
femoral neck
femoral nerve
femoral region
femoral triangle
femoral trochlea
femoral vein
femoral vessel
femoroacetabular impingement
femur measurement
ferguson view
fermi filter
ferrein pyramids
ferric chloride
ferrioxamine methanesulfonate
fetal abnormality
fetal age
fetal growth
fetal hydrops
fiber applicator
fibrillary astrocytoma
fibroblastic liposarcoma
fibroblastic meningioma
fibroblastic osteosarcoma
fibroepithelial neoplasm
fibroepithelial polyp
fibroglandular tissue
fibromuscular dysplasia
fibrosing colonopathy
fibrous dysplasia
fibrous histiocytoma
fibrous joint
fibrous meningioma
fibrous mesothelioma
fibrous pericardium
fibrous plaque
fibrous stenosis
fibrovascular polyp
fibula diaphysis
fibula epiphysis
fibula metaphysis
fibular artery
fibular bursa
fibular head
fibular retinacula
fibular vein
fibulocollateral ligament
fiducial marker
fiducial placement
field h
field h2
fifth digit
fifth finger
fifth metatarsal
fifth toe
fifth ventricle
filiform nucleus
filiform papillae
film.based images
filter placement
filter removal
filter repositioning
filum terminale
fimbriated fold
final day
findings section
fine linear
fine.needle aspiration
fine pleomorphic
finger.in.glove sign
first cuneiform
first digit
first finger
first genu
first pass
first phase
first toe
first trimester
fishhook ureter
fish vertebra
fish vertebrae
fisk view
fissura antitragohelicina
fissure sign
fistula contrast
fixation device
fixator break
fixator problem
fixed grid
flail leaflet
flame sign
flap tear
flat bone
flat transducer
flechsig tract
fleischner line
fleischner view
flexible coil
flexion deformity
flexion maneuver
flexion position
flexion view
flexor muscle
flexor.pronator forearm
flexor retinaculum
flip angle
floccular peduncle
flocculonodular lobe
flocculus peduncle
floppy valve
flourine.18 fluorodeoxyglucose
flow compensation
flow disorder
flow enc
flow encoded
flow.related artifact
flow.sensitizing gradient
flow void
fluid atten
fluid attenuated
fluid disorder
fluid disturbance
fluid.fluid level
fluid localization
fluorine.18 av.45
fluorine.18 fdg
fluorine.18 fluorodeoxyglucose
fluorocarbon poisoning
fluoroscopy acquisition
fluoroscopy time
fluoro time
fmri coil
focal asymmetry
focal bulge
focal enhancement
focal proliferation
focal prostatitis
focal scar
focused grid
folded lung
folding artifact
foliate papillae
follicular fluid
follow through
follow up
follow.up procedure
fonkalsrud pouch
fontan procedure
food bolus
football sign
foot skin
foot vessels
foramen caecum
foramen lacerum
foramen magnum
foramen nervosa
foramen omentale
foramen ovale
foramen petrosum
foramen rotundum
foramen spinosum
foramen transversarium
foraminal plane
forceps major
forceps minor
forceps retrieval
forearm muscle
forearm vessels
forebrain fornix
forebrain segment
foreign body
foreign matter
foreign object
fornical commissure
fornicate gyrus
fornix body
fornix commissure
forrestier disease
fossa ovalis
fourier reconstruction
fournier gangrene
four.tendon sign
fourth digit
fourth finger
fourth toe
fourth ventricle
fovea centralis
fovea ethmoidalis
fracture augmentation
fracture dislocation
fracture fixation
fracture malunion
fracture nonunion
fragmented staghorn
fragment.in.notch sign
free limb
free silicone
free taenia
freiberg disease
freiberg infraction
frenulum veli
frequency matrix
frey procedure
friedman view
friedreich ataxia
friedrich disease
fringe artifact
frontal belt
frontal bone
frontal cortex
frontal foramen
frontal forceps
frontal lobe
frontal nerve
frontal operculum
frontal peduncle
frontal pole
frontal projection
frontal ray
frontal region
frontal sinus
frontal suture
frontal vein
fronto.ethmoidal suture
frontoethmoidal suture
frontolacrimal suture
frontomarginal gyrus
frontomaxillary suture
frontonasal suture
frontopolar area
frontopolar artery
frontopontine fiber
frontopontine fibers
frontopontine fibres
frontopontine tract
frontotemporal dementia
frontozygomatic suture
frostberg sign
fuchs view
functional mri
function descriptor
fungal microabscess
fungiform papillae
fungus ball
funiculus separans
fusiform aneurysm
fusiform gyrus
fusion plate
gadobenate dimeglumine
gadofosveset trisodium
gadolinium chelate
gadolinium.labeled albumin
gadolinium.labeled dextran
gadolinium oxide
gadolinium oxyorthosilicate
gadopentetate dimeglumine
gadoterate meglumine
galea aponeurotica
galeazzi fracture
gall bladder
gallbladder body
gallbladder epithelium
gallbladder fundus
gallbladder infundibulum
gallbladder lumen
gallbladder mucosa
gallbladder serosa
gallbladder subserosa
gallbladder surface
gallbladder wall
gallbladder zone
gallstone ileus
gamekeeper thumb
gamma camera
gamna.gandy body
ganglia set
ganglion cyst
ganglioneuroblastoma. intermixed
ganglioneuroblastoma. nodular
ganglion root
gangrenous cholecystitis
ganser commissure
gantzer muscle
gap.tooth sign
garth view
gartners duct
gas containing
gas contrast
gas trapping
gastric acid
gastric antrum
gastric areas
gastric banding
gastric body
gastric bypass
gastric canal
gastric cancer
gastric carcinoma
gastric cardia
gastric corpus
gastric emptying
gastric folds
gastric fornix
gastric foveola
gastric fundus
gastric mucosa
gastric orifice
gastric pits
gastric plexuses
gastric pouch
gastric pull.through
gastric resection
gastric rugae
gastric surface
gastric tube
gastric ulcer
gastric wall
gastric zone
gastrocnemius belly
gastrocnemius head
gastrocnemius muscle
gastrocnemius tendon
gastrocolic ligament
gastroduodenal artery
gastroduodenal junction
gastro.epiploic node
gastro.esophageal anastomosis
gastroesophageal anastomosis
gastro.esophageal junction
gastroesophageal junction
gastroesophageal reflux
gastrohepatic ligament
gastrointestinal radiology
gastrointestinal surgery
gastro.intestinal system
gastrointestinal system
gastrointestinal tract
gastrojejuenostomy tube
gastrolienal ligament
gastro.omental node
gastropancreatic fold
gastrophrenic ligament
gastrosplenic ligament
gating timeframe
gaucher disease
gaustad syndrome
gaynor hart
ge junction
gemistocytic astrocytoma
general anesthesia
generalized descriptor
general radiography
geniculate ganglion
geniculocalcarine fibers
geniculocalcarine fibres
geniculotemporal fibers
geniculotemporal fibres
geniculotemporal radiation
geniculotemporal tract
genioglossus muscle
genioglossus tendon
geniohyoid muscle
genital system
genitofemoral nerve
genitourinary radiology
genitourinary surgery
genito.urinary system
genitourinary system
gennari band
gently lobulated
geographic destruction
gerdy tubercle
germ cell
gerota capsule
gerota fascia
gestational structure
ghost artifact
gibbs artifact
gibbs phenomenon
gi bleed
gi bleeding
gigantiform cementoma
gigantocellular nucleus
gingival groove
gingival margin
gingival sulcus
gi tract
gj tube
glands set
glans clitoridis
glenn shunt
glenohumeral joint
glenohumeral ligament
glenoid cavity
glenoid fossa
glenoid labrum
glenoid neck
glioblastoma multiforme
gliomatosis cerebri
glisson capsule
global asymmetry
globose nucleus
globular mass
globus pallidus
glomerular capillary
glomerular capsule
glomus choroideum
glomus tumor
glosso.epiglottic fold
glossoepiglottic fold
glossopharyngeal ganglion
glossopharyngeal nerve
glottic larynx
glutaraldehyde colitis
gluteal muscle
gluteal node
gluteal region
gluteal tuberosity
gluten.sensitive enteropathy
gluteus maximus
gluteus medius
gluteus minimus
glycogen deposition
glycogenic acanthosis
glycogen.rich cystadenoma
gnathic osteosarcoma
goblet sign
golden sign
golf.ball.on.a.tee sign
goll nucleus
goll tract
gonadal artery
gonadal dysgenesis
gout arthritis
gracile fascicle
gracile fasciculus
gracile lobule
gracilespinal fibers
gracilespinal fibres
gracile tubercle
gracilis muscle
gracilis tendon
gradient coil
gradient echo
gradient non.linearity
gradient nonlinearity
gradient spoiling
graft.versus.host disease
grandy view
granulation tissue
granulocytic sarcoma
granuloma pyogenicum
granulomatous arthritis
granulomatous disease
granulomatous synovitis
grappa reconstruction
grashey view
gratiolet radiation
grave disease
gravity injector
gray matter
grayscale ultrasound
grayson ligament
greater multangular
greater omentum
greater pelvis
greater sac
greater tubercle
great toe
greenstick fracture
grey commissure
grey matter
grey substance
grid artifact
grisel syndrome
gronblad.strandberg syndrome
gr√∂nblad.strandberg syndrome
ground glass
ground.glass opacity
ground.glass sign
growth acceleration
growth alteration
growth arrest
growth disorder
growth plate
growth retardation
gruen zone
grynfeltt hernia
grynfelt triangle
.gt.10 lesions
.gt.14 weeks
.gt.1 hour
g tube
g.tube exchange
g.tube placement
g.tube replacement
gudden commissure
gudden ganglion
guidance descriptor
guide.wire placement
guillain.barre syndrome
gull wings
gu system
gut subdivision
guyon canal
gyrus ambiens
gyrus f1
gyrus f2
gyrus f3
gyrus uncinatus
haas disease
haas view
habenula complex
habenular commissure
habenular nuclei
habenular nucleus
habenular sulcus
habenular trigone
habenulointerpeduncular fasciculus
habenulo.interpeduncular tract
habenulointerpeduncular tract
habenulopeduncular tract
hahn echo
hair.on.end pattern
hair.on.end sign
hair.on.end skull
haller artery
hallervorden.spatz disease
halo vest
hamstring muscle
hamstring tendon
hand compartment
hand exercises
hand ligament
hand lumbrical
hand region
hand.schuller.christian disease
hand subdivision
hand vessels
hangman fracture
hard palate
hardware failure
harlequin appearance
harmonic ultrasound
harris.beath view
harris view
hartmann pouch
hartmann.s pouch
hashimoto thyroiditis
hawkins sign
hcc treatment
head arteries
head artery
headcheese sign
head filter
head veins
head vessels
healed tear
hearing aid
heart disease
heart failure
heart valve
heart wall
heel bone
heister valve
held bundle
held position
helical atelectasis
helical ct
helium contrast
heller myotomy
hellmer sign
helmholtz coil
helmholtz pair
helweg tract
hematocrit effect
hematogenous spread
hematoma.blood signal
hematoma complication
hematoma signal
hematuria complication
hemiarthroplasty device
hemiazygous vein
hemispheric sulcus
hemispheric vein
hemithorax cavity
hemodynamic evaluation
hemodynamic success
hemolytic anemia
hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis
hemophagocytic syndrome
hemostatic sheath
henle ligament
henle loop
hepatic artery
hepatic encephalopathy
hepatic fissure
hepatic flexure
hepatic impression
hepatic lobectomy
hepatic lobule
hepatic margin
hepatic node
hepatic parenchyma
hepatic scissura
hepatic segmentectomy
hepatic serosa
hepatic subsegment
hepatic subsegmentectomy
hepatic subserosa
hepatic trisegmentectomy
hepatic vein
hepatic veins
hepatic vessels
hepatic zone
hepatobiliary chelate
hepatobiliary phase
hepatobiliary surgery
hepatocellular adenoma
hepatocellular carcinoma
hepatocerebral encephalopathy
hepatocolic fold
hepatoduodenal ligament
hepatoesophageal ligament
hepatogastric ligament
hepato.oesophageal ligament
hepato.omental fold
hepatopancreatic ampulla
hepatopancreatic fold
hepatophrenic ligament
hepatorenal fossa
hepatorenal ligament
hepatovenous subsector
herbal agent
herbert screw
herbicide poisoning
hereditary nephritis
hereditary pancreatitis
herringbone artifact
heschl gyrus
hesselbach ligament
hesselbach triangle
heteregenous clusters
heterogeneous background
heterogeneous calcification
heterogeneous density
heterogeneous enhancement
heterogeneously dense
heterogeneous tissue
heterogenetic cortex
heterogenously dense
heterogenously echogenic
heterotopic ossification
hiatal hernia
hibernating heart
hickey view
hicks disease
hidebound bowel
high attenuation
high density
high.energy scan
high grade
high.grade tumor
highly suspicious
high.output syndrome
high.pressure balloon
high resolution
high.riding patella
high risk
high.risk patient
high scapula
h iii
hiked.up pelvis
hill.sachs deformity
hill.sachs sign
hindbrain hernia
hindbrain segment
hip bone
hip joint
hip joints
hippocampal artery
hippocampal commissure
hippocampal digitations
hippocampal formation
hippocampal gyrus
hippocampal sulcus
hippocampus .crosby.
hippocampus layer
hippocampus major
hippocampus proper
hippocampus subdivision
hirschsprung disease
hirtz modification
histiocytosis x
hitch.hiker.apos.s thumb
hitchhiker thumb
hodgkin lymphoma
hoffa disease
hofmeister defect
hole.within.a.hole pattern
holmblad view
holoprosencephaly sequence
homogeneous density
homogeneous enhancement
homogeneous fade
homogeneously dense
homogeneous organ
homogeneous retention
homogeneous washout
homogenetic cortex
homogenous enhancement
homogenously dense
honda sign
honeycomb lung
hook sign
horizontal gastroplasty
hormonal disorder
hormone disorder
horseshoe kidney
hough view
hounsfield unit
hourglass appearance
h.shaped vertebra
hsieh view
h sign
huchs view
hughston view
human being
human body
humeral capitulum
humeral diaphysis
humeral epiphysis
humeral head
humeral joint
humeral metaphysis
humeral trochlea
humeroradial joint
humero.ulnar joint
humeroulnar joint
hump sign
hunter canal
hunter ligament
huntington chorea
huntington disease
hurler disease
hurler syndrome
hutch diverticulum
hutchinson fracture
h vertebra
h viib
hyaline cartilage
hyaloid canal
hyaloid fossa
hyatid cyst
hybrid fixator
hydatidiform mole
hydrocarbon poisoning
hydronephrotic rim
hydrophilic dilator
hydrophilic wire
hydrops fetalis
hyoepiglottic ligament
hyoglossus muscle
hyoid bone
hyperammonemic encephalopathy
hyperextension injury
hyperextension position
hyperflexion injury
hyperflexion position
hyperglycemia artifact
hyperplastic polyp
hypersensitivity angiitis
hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
hypertrophic gastritis
hypertrophic osteoarthropathy
hypervascular lesion
hypochondriac region
hypochondrium surface
hypoglossal canal
hypoglossal eminence
hypoglossal nerve
hypoglossal nucleus
hypoglossal trigone
hypogloss canal
hypophyseal canal
hypophysial fossa
hypophysis cerebri
hypospadias repair
hypotension complication
hypothalamic fasciculus
hypothalamic sulcus
hypothalamic tract
hypothalamohypophyseal tract
hypothalamohypophysial tract
hypothalamospinal fibers
hypothalamospinal fibres
hypothalamospinal tract
hypothalamus segment
hypothenar muscle
hypotympanic recess
hypoxic.ischemic encephalopathy
hyrtl muscle
hysterogram sign
i.123 ioflupane
i.123 ippa
i.123 metaiodobenzylguanidine
i.123.phenylpentadecanoic acid
i.125 iothalamate
i.125 risa
i.131 hippuran
i.131 iodocholesterol
i.131 iodomethylnorcholesterol
i.131 metaiodobenzylguanidine
i.131 mibg
i.131sodium iodide
i.131 tositumomab
iatrogenic disorder
iceberg sign
idiopathic polyarthritis
idiosyncratic reaction
ileal artery
ileal conduit
ileal diverticulum
ileal epithelium
ileal papilla
ileal reservoir
ileal vein
ileo.anal pouch
ileoanal pouch
ileo.anal pull.through
ileoanal pull.through
ileocaecal lip
ileocecal fold
ileocecal junction
ileocecal lip
ileocecal orifice
ileocecal recess
ileocecal valve
ileocolic artery
ileocolic lip
ileocolic mesentery
ileocolic node
ileocolic vein
ileo.sigmoid anastomosis
ileosigmoid anastomosis
ileo.transverse anastomosis
ileotransverse anastomosis
ileum lumen
ileum mesentery
ileum mucosa
ileum serosa
ileum submucosa
ileum subserosa
ileum surface
ileum wall
iliac ala
iliac arteries
iliac crest
iliac fascia
iliac fossa
iliac region
iliac spine
iliac tuberosity
iliacus muscle
iliacus surface
iliac vessels
iliac wing
iliocostalis cervicis
iliocostalis dorsi
iliocostalis lumborum
iliocostalis muscle
iliocostalis thoracis
iliofemoral ligament
iliohypogastric nerve
ilio.inguinal nerve
ilioinguinal nerve
iliolumbar artery
iliopectineal arch
iliopectineal bursa
iliopectineal eminence
iliopectineal line
iliopsoas fascia
iliopsoas groove
iliopsoas tendon
iliopubic eminence
iliopubic nerve
iliopubic ramus
iliopubic tract
iliotibial band
iliotibial tract
ill.defined margin
image addition
image.based filtering
image defect
image fusion
image harmonic
image hold
image noise
image overlay
image plane
image quality
image registration
image review
image segmentation
images prepared
imaging acquisition
imaging device
imaging error
imaging modality
imaging observation
imaging pass
imaging plane
imaging procedure
imaging protocol
imaging purpose
imaging research
imaging sign
imaging specialty
imaging subspecialty
imaging view
img add
immature teratoma
immediate complication
immobile joint
immunodeficiency disease
immunodeficiency disorder
implantable device
implantable object
implant displaced
impl dep
import image
impression section
improper placement
in.111 tiuxetan
in.111 wbc
incarcerated hernia
incisional hernia
incisive bone
incisive canal
incisive foramen
incisive foramina
incisive fossa
incisive papilla
incisive suture
incisor tooth
incisura tentorii
incomplete lissencephaly
incomplete protocol
incomplete rim
incorrect collimation
incorrect markers
incorrect protocol
increased through.transmission
increasing enhancement
incudomalleolar joint
incudostapedial joint
indeterminate calcification
index finger
index tumor
indiana pouch
indinavir stone
indistinct calcification
indistinct margin
indium 111
indium.111 chloride
indium.111 dtpa
indium.111 oxine
indium.111 oxyquinoline
indium.111 pentetate
indium.111 pentetreotide
indium.111 tiuxetan
indium.111 wbc
inducible ischemia
induseum griseum
indusium griseum
infantile hemangioendothelioma
infantile hemangioma
infantile myofibromatosis
infection stone
infectious arthritis
infectious complication
infectious esophagitis
infectious synovitis
infective arthritis
infective discitis
infective polyarthritis
inferior brachium
inferior colliculus
inferior eyelid
inferior fovea
inferior gemellus
inferior lip
inferior olive
inferior patella
inferior peduncle
inferior rectum
inferior trunk
infiltration route
infiltrative hcc
infinity sign
inflammatory osteoarthritis
inflammatory polyarthropathy
inflammatory pseudotumor
inflation duration
inflation pressure
informed consent
infra.aortic area
infra.azygos area
infraclavicular node
infraclavicular region
infracolic space
infragenual bursa
infraglenoid tubercle
infrahyoid artery
infrahyoid bursa
infrahyoid muscle
infrahyoid neck
inframammary region
infra.orbital artery
infra.orbital canal
infra.orbital foramen
infraorbital foramen
infra.orbital groove
infraorbital groove
infra.orbital margin
infraorbital margin
infra.orbital nerve
infraorbital nerve
infrapatellar bursa
infrapedicular plane
infrapiriform foramen
infrapyloric node
infrarenal aorta
infrascapular artery
infraspinatus attachment
infraspinatus fossa
infraspinatus insertion
infraspinatus muscle
infraspinatus tendon
infraspinous fossa
infratrochlear nerve
infundibular nucleus
infundibular recess
infundibulum tendon
infusible wire
ingested food
ingestion.induced disorder
inguinal canal
inguinal falx
inguinal fossa
inguinal hernia
inguinal ligament
inguinal region
inguinal triangle
inhalation.induced disorder
initial day
initial phase
initial vessel
injection treatment
inlet view
inner ear
inner myometrium
inner prostate
innominate artery
innominate bone
innominate substance
innominate vein
in.plane filtering
insecticide poisoning
insp exp
inspiration maneuver
insufficiency fracture
insula limen
insula lobule
insular artery
insular cortex
insular region
insular vein
integument disorder
intensity projection
interarytenoid notch
interatrial septum
inter.body joint
intercalated nucleus
intercalatus nucleus
intercarpal joint
intercavernous sinus
intercerebral commissure
interclavicular ligament
intercollicular vein
intercondylar fossa
intercostal arteries
intercostal artery
intercostal muscle
intercostal nerve
intercostal nerves
intercostal space
intercostobrachial nerve
intercostobrachial nerves
intercuneiform joint
interface sign
interfascicular fasciculus
interfascicular nucleus
interference screw
interfoveolar ligament
interfragmentary screw
intergeniculate leaf
interhemispheric fissure
interlobar bronchus
interlobular septum
intermaxillary suture
intermediate artery
intermediate concern
intermediate cuneiform
intermediate elasticity
intermediate eminence
intermediate ganglia
intermediate joint
intermediately aggressive
intermediate margin
intermediate nerve
intermediate tendon
intermediate transition
intermediate tubule
intermediate weighted
intermediolateral nucleus
intermediomedial nucleus
intermedius nerve
intermedullary nail
intermedullary rod
intermetatarsal bursa
intermittent exposure
intermixed ganglioneuroblastoma
internal capsule
internal cuneiform
internal fixator
internal hernia
internal nodules
internal oblique
internal rotation
internal urethrotomy
internal vascularity
internasal suture
interosseous bursa
interosseous membrane
interpeduncular cistern
interpeduncular fossa
interpeduncular ganglion
interpeduncular nucleus
interpeduncular vein
interphalangeal joint
interpositospinal tract
interpretation started
interpubic disc
interscalene triangle
intersigmoid hernia
intersigmoid recess
interspinales set
interspinalis cervicis
interspinalis lumborum
interspinalis muscle
interspinalis thoracis
interspinal ligament
interspinous ligament
interstitial disease
interstitial emphysema
interstitial fibrosis
interstitial nephritis
interstitial nucleus
interstitial pneumonia
interstitial route
interstitial space
interstitiospinal tract
intersubstance tear
interthalamic adhesion
interthalamic connection
intertransversales muscle
intertransversarius muscle
intertransverse ligament
intertrochanteric crest
intertrochanteric line
intertubercular groove
interventional coil
interventional outcome
interventional radiology
interventional wire
interventricular foramen
interventricular septum
intervertebral disc
intervertebral disk
intervertebral endplate
intervertebral foramen
intervertebral osteochondrosis
intervertebral symphysis
intervertebral vein
intestinal disorder
intestinal epithelium
intestinal gland
intestinal mucosa
intestinal pseudo.obstruction
intestinal pseudoobstruction
intestinal secretion
intestinal submucosa
intestinal surface
intestinal villus
intimal flap
intima pia
intra.articular contrast
intraarticular contrast
intra.articular fracture
intraarticular fracture
intra.articular ligament
intrabiventer fissure
intracalcarine cortex
intracanalicular space
intracompartmental vasculature
intracoronal. dental
intracorporus cavernosum
intracortical lipoma
intracortical osteosarcoma
intracranial hypotension
intracranial vessel
intracricoid airway
intraculminate fissure
intra.discal contrast
intradiscal contrast
intraductal calcifications
intradural space
intra.fallopian contrast
intrafallopian contrast
intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
intrahepatic duct
intrajugular process
intralaminar nucleus
intra.lesional fat
intralesional fat
intralimbic gyrus
intral larynx
intralobular lines
intra.loop contrast
intraloop contrast
intramedullary space
intramesosigmoid hernia
intramuscular hemangioma
intramuscular lipoma
intraneural perineurioma
in transit
intra.ocular muscle
intraocular muscle
intraoral region
intraosseous hemangioma
intraosseous lipoma
intraosseous veins
intraparietal sulcus
intra.pouch contrast
intra.salivery duct
intrasalivery duct
intra.sinus tract
intra stent
intrathalamic fiber
intrathalamic fibers
intrathalamic fibres
intrathecal contrast
intrathoracic kidney
intra.uterine contrast
intrauterine contrast
intrauterine device
intrauterine scar
intrauterine synechia
intravascular transducer
intravenous bolus
intravenous contrast
intravenous drip
intravenous pyelogram
intravenous pyelography
intravertebral herniation
intravesical contrast
intravoxel dephasing
int rot
inversion recovery
inversion time
investing fascia
in.vitro fertilization
iodine.131 hippuran
iodine.131 iodocholesterol
iodine isotope
iodized oil
iodohippurate sodium
iopamidol 370
iridocorneal angle
iron evaluation
iron.iii. ethylenebis..2.hydroxyphenylglycine.
iron overload
iron.rich can
ir pre.procedure
irregular bone
irregularly.shaped mass
irregular margin
irregular mass
irregular rim
ischemic cardiomyopathy
ischemic colitis
ischemic core
ischemic necrosis
ischemic penumbra
ischial apophysis
ischial bursa
ischial spine
ischial tuberosity
ischio.anal fossa
ischioanal fossa
ischiofemoral ligament
ischiopubic synchondrosis
ischiorectal fossa
iselin disease
isherwood view
isotropic voxels
isovue 128
isovue 200
isovue 250
isovue 300
isovue 370
isovue.m 200
isovue.m 300
iterative reconstruction
ivc contrast
iv contrast
ivf baseline
ivory osteoma
ivory vertebra
jaccoud arthropathy
jackson membrane
jackson veil
jack stone
jackstone calculus
jacobson canal
jacobson nerve
jacobson organ
jagged margin
jailbars sign
jefferson fracture
jejunal artery
jejunal epithelium
jejunal vein
jejuno.ileal bypass
jejunoileal bypass
jejunostomy tube
jejunum lumen
jejunum mesentery
jejunum mucosa
jejunum serosa
jejunum submucosa
jejunum subserosa
jejunum surface
jejunum wall
jet flow
jet phenomenon
jet sign
joint aspiration
joint capsule
joint cavity
joint component
joint disorder
joint mice
joint prosthesis
joint recess
joint reconstruction
joint survey
jones fracture
jones view
joubert syndrome
j pouch
j.shaped ureter
j sign
j.tube placement
judd view
judet view
jug foram
jugular body
jugular foramen
jugular foramina
jugular fossa
jugular nerve
jugular spine
jugular tubercle
jugulodigastric node
jugulo.omohyoid node
juguloomohyoid node
jugum sphenoidale
jumped facet
juvenile xanthogranuloma
juxtaarticular cyst
juxtacolic artery
juxtacortical chondroma
juxtacortical chondrosarcoma
juxtacortical desmoid
juxtaglomerular tumor
juxta.oral organ
juxtaoral organ
juxtaphrenic peak
juxtarenal aorta
juxtarestiform body
kandel view
kaposiform hemangioendothelioma
kaposi sarcoma
kasabach view
kashin.bek disease
kawasaki disease
kechendorf view
keratosis obturans
kerckring valve
kerckring valves
kerley lines
keyboard sign
keyhole sign
k.hler.pellegrini shadow
kidney cortex
kidney disorder
kidney lobes
kidney stone
kidney surgery
kidney sweat
kidney vasculature
kidney vessels
kienbock disease
kikuchi disease
killian.jamieson diverticulum
kimura disease
kirschner wire
klebsiella pneumonia
knee joint
knee meniscus
knee region
knee skin
knee subdivision
knee vasculature
knee vessels
knuckle sign
kocher fracture
koch pouch
kock pouch
koehler disease
kohler disease
k√∂hler disease
kolliker.fuse nucleus
kovacs view
k.space dimensionality
k.space filter
k.space filtering
k.space segmentation
k.space segmented
k.space trajectory
k.space un.segmented
k.space unsegmented
kummel disease
kurosaka screw
kurzbauer view
kussmaul disease
kuttner tumor
k wire
l1 segment
l1sympathetic ganglion
l1 vertebra
l2 segment
l2 vertebra
l3 segment
l3 vertebra
l4 segment
l4 vertebra
l5 foramen
l5 segment
l5 vertebra
labium majorum
labium minorum
labyrinthine artery
labyrinthine ossificans
labyrinthine ossification
labyrinthine vein
lacertus fibrosis
laciniate ligament
lacrimal apparatus
lacrimal artery
lacrimal bone
lacrimal canaliculus
lacrimal caruncle
lacrimal duct
lacrimal ducts
lacrimal fold
lacrimal foramen
lacrimal gland
lacrimal groove
lacrimal lake
lacrimal nerve
lacrimal nucleus
lacrimal papilla
lacrimal pathway
lacrimal punctum
lacrimal sac
lacrimal vein
lacrimoconchal suture
lacrimomaxillary suture
lacrm ducts
lactating gland
lactiferous duct
lactiferous gland
lacunar skull
lambda sign
lambdoid suture
lamina affixa
laminae albae
lamina epithelialis
lamina i
lamina ii
lamina iii
lamina iv
lamina marginalis
lamina papyracea
lamina propria
laminar flow
lamina terminalis
lamina v
lamina vi
language paradigm
laquerriere pierquin
large bowel
large intestine
large joint
large rod.like
larval taeniasis
larval teniasis
laryngeal cartilage
laryngeal conduit
laryngeal inlet
laryngeal joint
laryngeal muscle
laryngeal prominence
laryngeal saccule
laryngeal vestibule
laser crystal
laser tip
laser treatment
late complication
late onset
lateral cuneiform
lateral decubitus
lateral deltoid
laterale haubenfussschleife
lateral fillet
lateral fissure
lateral funiculus
lateral habenula
lateral horn
laterality location
laterality present
laterality unspecified
lateral lacuna
lateral lemniscus
lateral malleolus
lateral mass
lateral meniscus
lateral plica
lateral projection
lateral ray
lateral recess
lateral region
lateral rotation
lateral sulcus
lateral supine
lateral tubercle
lateral ventricle
lateral view
latero.medial projection
lateromedial projection
lateromedial ray
latissimus dorsi
lat rot
lauenstein hickey
laurin view
lawrence view
layering calcification
lead poisoning
left acromion
left al
left amygdala
left anconeus
left archeocortex
left archicortex
left areola
left atrium
left auricle
left ba1
left ba10
left ba11
left ba12
left ba13
left ba14
left ba15
left ba16
left ba17
left ba18
left ba19
left ba2
left ba20
left ba21
left ba22
left ba23
left ba24
left ba25
left ba26
left ba27
left ba28
left ba29
left ba3
left ba30
left ba31
left ba32
left ba33
left ba34
left ba35
left ba36
left ba37
left ba38
left ba39
left ba4
left ba40
left ba41
left ba42
left ba43
left ba44
left ba45
left ba46
left ba47
left ba48
left ba49
left ba5
left ba50
left ba51
left ba52
left ba6
left ba7
left ba8
left ba9
left bending
left brachialis
left brachioradialis
left c
left claustrum
left clavicle
left cm
left coracobrachialis
left cuneus
left decubitis
left decubitus
left deltoid
left fabella
left femur
left fibula
left flank
left gastrocnemius
left gracilis
left hemicolectomy
left hemi.diaphragm
left hemidiaphragm
left hemiliver
left hemiscrotum
left hemithorax
left hippocampus
left humerus
left hypochondrium
left iliocostalis
left iliopsoas
left infraspinatus
left insula
left isocortex
left kidney
left knee
left lcl
left longissimus
left lrt
left lung
left mesometrium
left mesosalpinx
left mesovarium
left metathalamus
left mrt
left multifidus
left neocortex
left neostriatum
left nipple
left olecranon
left ovary
left paleocortex
left parasubiculum
left patella
left pectineus
left pl
left plantaris
left popliteus
left position
left precuneus
left presubiculum
left pulvinar
left putamen
left pyramidalis
left radius
left rm
left rotation
left rt
left sartorius
left scapula
left scissura
left semimembranosus
left semitendinosus
left side
left soleus
left striatum
left subclavius
left subiculum
left subscapularis
left supinator
left supraspinatus
left tapetum
left testis
left thalamus
left tibia
left.to.right shunt
left trapezius
left ulna
left uncus
left ureter
left ventricle
legg.calve.perthes disease
leg length
leg measurement
leg skin
leiomyomatous hamartoma
leiomyomatous neoplasm
lemniscal trigone
lemon sign
lens substance
lenticular fasciculus
lenticular nucleus
lenticulostriate artery
lentiform nucleus
leonard george
leontiasis ossea
leptomeningeal sac
lesion boundary
lesion brightness
lesion characteristic
lesion enhancement
lesion focality
lesion load
lesion margin
lesion periphery
lesion quantity
lesion shape
lesser multangular
lesser omentum
lesser pelvis
lesser sac
lesser tubercle
lesshaft space
lesshaft triangle
letterer.siwe disease
leukocytoclastic vasculitis
levator ani
levator aponeurosis
levator costae
levator plate
lewis holly
lhermitte.duclos disease
lieberkuhn crypt
lienorenal ligament
lieutaud trigone
liffert.arkin disease
ligament cluster
ligament graft
ligament organ
ligamentum flavum
lilienfeld view
limb compartment
limb girdle
limbic cortex
limbic gyrus
limbic lobe
limb region
limb segment
limb skin
limbus fracture
limen nasi
limitans nucleus
limited evaluation
limited quality
lindblom view
linea aspera
linea quadrata
linear atelectasis
linear enhancement
linear nucleus
linear transducer
lingual aponeurosis
lingual artery
lingual foramen
lingual gyrus
lingual nerve
lingual septum
lingual thyroid
lingual tonsil
lingual vein
linguine sign
lingula gyrus
lingular artery
lingular bronchus
lipid containing
lipid poor
lipid rich
lipoid dermatoarthritis
lipomatous infiltration
lipomatous neoplasm
liquor folliculi
li.rads 1
li.rads 2
li.rads 3
li.rads 4
li.rads 5
li.rads 5g
li.rads 5us
li.rads 5v
li.rads assessment
li.rads categories
li.rads m
li.rads treated
lisfranc ligament
lissauer tract
liss plate
lister tubercle
little finger
littre hernia
litz coil
liver disease
liver disorder
liver mass
liver parenchyma
liver scan
liver segment
liver stroma
liver surgery
lobar artery
lobar bronchus
lobar dysmorphism
lobar holoprosencephaly
lobster claw
lobular mass
lobular organ
lobular segment
lobulated margin
lobulated mass
lobule x
local anesthesia
localized amyloidosis
location descriptor
locked facet
locoregional therapy
locus ceruleus
locus coeruleus
loeffler endocarditis
loffler endocarditis
lollipop sign
lollipop.tree sign
long axis
long bone
long finger
longissimus capitis
longissimus cervicis
longissimus muscle
longissimus thoracis
longitudinal fissure
longitudinal ligament
longitudinal plane
longitudinal sulcus
long.looped nephron
long nephron
longus capitis
longus colli
loop coil
loop colostomy
loop.to.loop colon
loose body
loosely grouped
looser zone
lordotic position
lorenz lilienfeld
lorry fracture
louis.barr syndrome
low attenuation
low density
low dose
low.energy scan
lower abdomen
lower esophagus
lower extremities
lower extremity
lower hemithorax
lower leg
lower limbs
lower lip
lower ribs
lower trunk
low grade
low.grade tumor
low.pressure balloon
low.riding patella
ls junction
l spine
ls spine
.lt.14 weeks
.lt.1 hour
lt bend
lt decub
lt rot
lucent.centered calcification
luftsichel sign
lumbar aponeurosis
lumbar artery
lumbar enlargement
lumbar fascia
lumbar ganglia
lumbar ganglion
lumbar hernia
lumbar intertransversarius
lumbar nerve
lumbar plexus
lumbar puncture
lumbar region
lumbar rotator
lumbar spine
lumbar vein
lumbar vertebra
lumb disk
lumbocostal ligament
lumbodorsal fascia
lumboperitoneal shunt
lumbosacral enlargement
lumbosacral junction
lumbosacral plexus
lumbosacral spine
lumbosacral trunk
lumb plex
luminal narrowing
lump kidney
lunate bone
lunate sulcus
lunatotriquetral joint
lung apex
lung cancer
lung clearance
lung kernel
lung mass
lung nodule
lung parenchyma
lung.rads 0
lung.rads 1
lung.rads 2
lung.rads 3
lung.rads 4a
lung.rads 4b
lung.rads 4x
lung.rads assessment
lung zone
lunotriquetral joint
lunotriquetral ligament
lutetium ortho.oxysilicate
lye.induced disorder
lymphangitic carcinomatosis
lymphangitic spread
lymphatic chain
lymphatic duct
lymphatic malformation
lymphatic trunk
lymphatic.venous malformation
lymphatic vessel
lymphatic vessels
lymph node
lymphocytic hypophysitis
lymphoepithelial cyst
lymphoid hyperplasia
lymphoid tissue
lymphomatoid granulomatosis
lymphomyeloid tissue
lymphoplasmacyte.rich meningioma
lymphoproliferative disorder
lymph vasculature
m0 stage
m1 stage
machado.joseph disease
mackenrodt ligament
macrocystic adenoma
macrolobulated mass
macula cribrosa
macula densa
madelung deformity
madelung disease
maffucci syndrome
magnetization transfer
magnification sign
magnitude reconstruction
main bronchus
main scissura
maisonneuve fracture
major calices
major forceps
major joint
major papilla
major part
malar fracture
male abdomen
male areola
male back
male breast
male chest
malemud disease
male nipple
male pelvis
male perineum
male pudendum
male thorax
male trunk
male urethra
malgaigne fracture
malignant hemangioendothelioma
malignant melanoma
malignant neoplasm
malignant schwannoma
malleolar stria
mallet finger
mallory.weiss tear
mamillary body
mamillothalamic fasciculus
mamillothalamic tract
mammary duct
mammary nerves
mammary region
mammillary artery
mammillary body
mammillary nucleus
mammillary peduncle
mammillary region
mammilloinfundibular nucleus
mammillotegmental fasciculus
mammillotegmental tract
mammillothalamic fasciculus
mammillothalamic tract
mandible body
mandible rami
mandible symph
mandibular body
mandibular canal
mandibular foramen
mandibular fossa
mandibular nerve
mandibular notch
mandibular rami
mandibular symphysis
mandibular torus
mandi disease
manganese chloride
manganese.ii..dipyridoxal diphosphate
manganese .iii.tpps4
manual injection
marble bone
march fracture
marginal arcade
marginal gyrus
marginal osteophyte
marginal sulcus
margin characteristic
marie disease
marked hypointensity
markedly hypointense
marker error
mason gastroplasty
mass descriptor
masseteric artery
masseteric fascia
masseteric nerve
masseteric tuberosity
masseter muscle
masticator space
masticatory muscle
mastoid antrum
mastoid artery
mastoid canaliculus
mastoid foramen
mastoid process
mastoid region
material extrusion
material jetting
maternal rubella
matrix stone
mature diencephalon
mature teratoma
mauclaire disease
maxillary artery
maxillary infundibulum
maxillary nerve
maxillary sinus
maxillary tuberosity
maxillary vein
maxillofacial region
maximum abduction
maximum size
max ip
may be
mayer view
mayo vein
may.thurner syndrome
may view
mcburney point
measurement procedure
measurement type
measurement unit
mechanical abnormality
mechanical disorder
mechanical sector
mechanical thrombectomy
mechanical transducer
meckel cave
meckel diverticulum
meckel ganglion
meconium ileus
meconium peritonitis
meconium plug
media layer
medial calcinosis
medial cuneiform
medial elbow
medial eminence
medial habenula
medial lemniscus
medial malleolus
medial meniscus
medial nucleus
medial rotation
medial sclerosis
medial sulcus
medial tubercle
median artery
median eminence
median nerve
median nucleus
median sulcus
mediastinal artery
mediastinal compartment
mediastinal node
mediastinal pleura
mediastinal space
mediastinal tube
mediastinal vein
medical device
medical object
medication device
medication.related complication
mediodorsal nucleus
medio.lateral projection
mediolateral projection
mediolateral ray
medioventral nucleus
medium joint
medium.sized joint
med rot
medulla oblongata
medullary artery
medullary canal
medullary carcinoma
medullary cavity
medullary center
medullary cone
medullary nephrocalcinosis
medullary pyramid
medullary pyramids
medullary ray
medullary vein
medullopontine sulcus
mega.aeroesophagus sign
melanocytic medulloblastoma
melanocytic neoplasm
melanotic schwannoma
melting sign
membrane organ
membranous cyclitis
membranous labyrinth
membranous layer
membranous urethra
memory loss
meniere disease
meniere syndrome
meningeal cluster
meningeal neoplasm
meningeal vein
meningohypophyseal artery
meningohypophyseal trunk
meningo.orbital foramen
meningothelial meningioma
meniscal cyst
meniscal fragment
meniscal homologue
meniscofemoral ligament
meniscotibial ligament
mental artery
mental foramen
mentalis muscle
mental nerve
mental retardation
mental stress
mercedes sign
merchant view
mercier bar
mesencephalic artery
mesencephalic tegmentum
mesenchymal chondrosarcoma
mesenchymal hamartoma
mesenteric arteries
mesenteric artery
mesenteric ischemia
mesentericoparietal recess
mesenteric vessels
mesentery root
mesial pallidum
mesoappendix subdivision
mesoblastic nephroma
mesocolic hernia
mesocolic taenia
mesothelial cyst
mesothelial neoplasm
metab map
metabolic disease
metabolism descriptor
metabolite map
metacarpal bone
metacarpal joint
metacarpal sign
metacarpophalangeal joint
metachromatic leucodystrophy
metachromatic leukodystrophy
metal artifact
metanephric adenoma
metaplastic meningioma
metastasis stage
metastatic disease
metastatic stage
metatarsal joint
metatarsophalangeal joint
metathalamus segment
metencephalon subdivision
methylmethacrylate embolism
metopic suture
meynert commissure
meynert decussation
meynert nucleus
microbubbles contrast
micro circulation
microcystic adenoma
microcystic meningioma
microlobulated margin
microscopic colitis
microscopy coil
microundulated margin
microvascular ischemia
microwave ablation
midbrain segment
midbrain tectum
midbrain tegmentum
midcarpal joint
midcarpal ligament
midcolic node
middle abdomen
middle commissure
middle ear
middle medulla
middle muscularis
mid myocardium
migratory polyarthritis
milch disease
mildly suspicious
mild sedation
miliary opacities
miliary pattern
miller view
milwaukee shoulder
min ip
minor calices
minor forceps
minor papilla
minor part
misregistration artifact
missing exam
missing images
missing part
missing rim
mitral valve
mixed echogenicity
mixed glioma
mixed liposarcoma
mixed margin
mixed meningioma
mixed pattern
mlo view
m mode
mobile joint
modality descriptor
modality down
modality.related characteristic
modality up
modality utilization
moderately high
moderately suspicious
moderate sedation
moderator band
modified cleaves
modified law
modified pawlow
modified prone
modified radical
modified titterington
modified towne
modified waters
modiolus muscle
mod pro
modulus reconstruction
moire artifact
moire fringes
molar pregnancy
molar tooth
molecular imaging
monakow tract
monckeberg sclerosis
monitoring delay
monocle sign
monoclonal antibody
monod sign
monomorphic adenoma
monopolar applicator
monorail deployment
mons pubis
monteggia fracture
moore view
morgagni hernia
morison pouch
morphologic descriptor
morphology descriptor
morquio disease
morquio syndrome
mortise view
mosaic appearance
mosaic enhancement
mosaic oligemia
mostly solid
motheaten bone
moth.eaten calyx
moth.eaten pattern
motility disorder
motion abnormality
motion correction
motion descriptor
motion.encoding gradient
motor cortex
motor decussation
motor dysfunction
motor function
motor paradigm
mottled enhancement
moulage sign
mouse ears
moving grid
moyamoya disease
mps i
mps iv
mr acquisition
mr coil
mr device
mr fluoroscopy
mri coil
mr imaging
m stage
mucinous adenocarcinoma
mucinous cystadenocarcinoma
mucinous cystadenoma
mucoepidermoid carcinoma
mucoid tissue
mucosal erosion
mucosal region
mucosal surface
mucous fistula
mucous membrane
mueller maneuver
mulberry stone
muller maneuver
multicentric osteosarcoma
multichannel configuration
multicystic dysplasia
multi.element transducer
multihole collimator
multi.infarct dementia
multilaminar epithelium
multinuclear coil
multiphase imaging
multi.planar reconstruction
multiplanar reconstruction
multi.planar reformat
multiplanar reformat
multi.planar reformation
multiplanar reformation
multiple acquisitions
multiple areas
multiple days
multiple determination
multiple ducts
multiple lesions
multiple myeloma
multiple plane
multiple sclerosis
multiple views
multisection configuration
multislice configuration
multisystem atrophy
multisystem disorder
multi.tined applicator
muscle belly
muscle body
muscle layer
muscle neoplasm
muscle organ
muscles set
muscle tissue
muscular artery
muscular disorder
muscular triangle
musculocutaneous nerve
musculophrenic artery
musculophrenic vein
musculoskeletal degeneration
musculoskeletal radiology
musculoskeletal region
musculoskeletal surgery
musculoskeletal system
musculotubal canal
mx stage
mycotic aneurysm
myeloproliferative disorder
mylodigastric nerve
mylohyoid artery
mylohyoid groove
mylohyoid line
mylohyoid muscle
mylohyoid nerve
myocardial bridge
myocardial hibernation
myocardial infarction
myomatous neoplasm
myotendinous unit
myxoid chondrosarcoma
myxoid fibrosarcoma
myxoid liposarcoma
myxomatous degeneration
myxopapillary ependymoma
n0 stage
n1 stage
n2 stage
n3 stage
nabothian cyst
narrow transition
narrow.waisted maiden
nasal bone
nasal bones
nasal cavity
nasal conduit
nasal gland
nasal glioma
nasalis muscle
nasal notch
nasal opening
nasal sensor
nasal septum
nasal turbinate
nasal vestibule
nasociliary nerve
nasofrontal vein
nasogastric tube
nasolacrimal duct
nasomaxillary suture
nasopalatine foramen
nasopalatine nerve
nasopharyngeal meatus
nasopharyngeal tonsil
nasotracheal tube
natatory ligament
navicular tuberosity
navicular view
naviculocuboid joint
naviculocuneiform joint
near atomic
near.field artifact
near.isotropic voxels
neck artery
neck compartment
neck veins
neck vessel
neck vessels
necrotizing enterocolitis
necrotizing fasciitis
needle localization
needle placement
needle sheath
needle tip
neer view
negative pyelogram
neocortex layer
neocortex stria
neonatal hepatitis
neopallial cortex
neoplastic angioendeotheliosis
neoplastic disease
nephrogenic adenofibroma
nephrogenic adenoma
nephrographic phase
nephrostolithotomy. percutaneous
nephrostomy contrast
nephrostomy exchange
nephrostomy placement
nephrostomy tract
nephrostomy tube
nephroureteral stent
nerve block
nerve fasciculus
nerve fiber
nerve i
nerve ii
nerve iii
nerve iv
nerve ix
nerve network
nerve plexus
nerve plexuses
nerve root
nerve rootlet
nerves set
nerve trunk
nerve v
nerve vi
nerve vii
nerve x
nerve xi
nerve xii
nervous system
nervous tissue
nervus abducens
neuhaser sign
neural fasciculus
neural foramen
neural network
neural nucleus
neural segment
neural subtree
neural tissue
neural zone
neuraxis alveus
neuraxis ansa
neuraxis band
neuraxis brachium
neuraxis bundle
neuraxis cavity
neuraxis cingulum
neuraxis commissure
neuraxis crus
neuraxis culmen
neuraxis declive
neuraxis decussation
neuraxis fibers
neuraxis fimbria
neuraxis flocculus
neuraxis folium
neuraxis fornix
neuraxis ganglion
neuraxis hilum
neuraxis lamina
neuraxis layer
neuraxis lemniscus
neuraxis lingula
neuraxis nodulus
neuraxis nucleus
neuraxis pallidum
neuraxis paraflocculus
neuraxis peduncle
neuraxis pyramis
neuraxis radiation
neuraxis segment
neuraxis septum
neuraxis stratum
neuraxis stria
neuraxis striatum
neuraxis tectum
neuraxis tenia
neuraxis tonsil
neuraxis tract
neuraxis tuber
neuraxis uvula
neuraxis zone
neurenteric cyst
neurocutaneous syndrome
neurodegenerative disease
neuroendocrine neoplasm
neuroenteric cyst
neuroepithelial cyst
neuroepitheliomatous neoplasm
neurogenic bladder
neurogenic sarcoma
neuroglial cyst
neuroglial network
neurohypophysis infundibulum
neurohypophysis zone
neurological disorder
neurologic complication
neuromuscular fracture
neuropathic joint
neurovascular bundle
neutral position
neutral rotation
neutropenic enterocolitis
neut rot
new diagnosis
new.diagnosis tumor
new site
ng tube
nip mkr
nipple changes
nipple invasion
nipple markers
nipple retraction
nipple sign
nissen fundoplication
no change
no checklist
nodular enhancement
nodular ganglioneuroblastoma
nodular heterotopia
nodular hyperplasia
nodular pattern
nodule.in.nodule appearance
nodule.in.nodule architecture
noise artifact
noisy image
nolke view
no maneuver
no marker
non.actionable finding
non.alcoholic steatohepatitis
nonalcoholic steatohepatitis
non.anatomical substance
non.cartesian reconstruction
non.circumscribed margin
noncommunicating hydrocephalus
noncompliant balloon
nonconstrained implant
non.coronary sinus
non.data.acquisition period
non.diagnostic quality
nondiagnostic quality
nonencapsulated microbubbles
non.enhancing mass
non.hodgkin lymphoma
nonhydrophilic dilator
nonhydrophilic wire
non.infusible wire
non.isotropic voxels
non.lactating gland
non.mass enhancement
non.mass.like enhancement
non.mechanical transducer
no .nobelium.
nonobstructive megacolon
nonossifying fibroma
non para
non parallel
non.parallel lesion
non.parallel mass
nonparenchymatous organ
non.pathological finding
non.pathophysiological finding
non.radlex term
nonskeletal ligament
non solid
non.specific destruction
nonstiff wire
nonsynovial joint
non.transpulmonary microbubbles
nontropical sprue
nonuniform rim
nonvisual retina
noose sign
norgaard view
no rim
normal anatomy
normality descriptor
normal.pressure hydrocephalus
normal variant
norwood procedure
no sedation
nose disorder
not applicable
not bilious
not calcified
not evaluable
not observed
not parallel
not patent
not seen
not suspicious
n stage
nubbin sign
nuchal fascia
nuchal ligament
nuclear camera
nuclear diode
nuclei raphae
nucleus accumbens
nucleus ambiguus
nucleus commissuralis
nucleus cuneatus
nucleus gracilis
nucleus intercalatus
nucleus prepositus
nucleus pulposus
nucleus putamen
nucleus solitarius
nucleus subceruleus
nurse prep
nursing prep
nursing procedure
nutcracker syndrome
nutmeg liver
nx stage
o4 gyrus
obese adult
ob.gyn radiology
object artifact
object manipulation
object removal
object repositioning
object retrieval
object.to.image distance
oblique cord
oblique crosstable
oblique fissure
oblique plane
oblique position
oblique projection
oblique prone
oblique ray
oblique sinus
obliques view
oblique view
obscured margin
observation .liver.
observations section
observed vascularity
obstructive cholangitis
obstructive hydrocephalus
obstructive hyperbilirubinemia
obstructive jaundice
obstructive uropathy
obtain access
obturator artery
obturator canal
obturator crest
obturator externus
obturator fascia
obturator foramen
obturator groove
obturator hernia
obturator internus
obturator membrane
obturator nerve
obturator node
obturator sign
occipital artery
occipital bone
occipital cortex
occipital forceps
occipital groove
occipital lobe
occipital peduncle
occipital plane
occipital pole
occipital protuberance
occipital region
occipital sinus
occipital triangle
occipital vein
occipito.atlantal joint
occipitoatlantal ligament
occipitoaxial ligament
occipitofrontalis muscle
occipitomastoid suture
occipitomental view
occipitopontine fibers
occipitopontine fibres
occipitotectal fibers
occipitotectal fibres
occipitotemporal gyrus
occipitotemporal sulcus
ocular hypotony
ocular prosthesis
oculomotor nerve
oculomotor nucleus
odontogenic carcinosarcoma
odontogenic cyst
odontogenic myxoma
odontogenic neoplasm
odontogenic tumor
odontoid ligament
odontoid view
oesophageal mucosa
off.resonance effect
oil contrast
oil embolism
okra sign
olec process
olecranon bursa
olecranon fossa
olecranon process
olfactory area
olfactory bulb
olfactory cortex
olfactory esthesioneuroblastoma
olfactory fasciculus
olfactory gland
olfactory groove
olfactory nerve
olfactory nerves
olfactory neuroblastoma
olfactory neuroepithelioma
olfactory organ
olfactory peduncle
olfactory stria
olfactory sulcus
olfactory tract
olfactory trigone
oligodendroglial neoplasm
olivary body
olivary comlex
olivocerebellar tract
olivocochlear tract
olivopontocerebellar degeneration
olivospinal fibers
olivospinal fibres
olivospinal tract
ollier disease
omega sign
omental appendices
omental bursa
omental foramen
omental taenia
omnipaque 140
omnipaque 180
omnipaque 240
omnipaque 300
omnipaque 350
omoclavicular triangle
omohyoid belly
omohyoid muscle
omohyoid tendon
on call
oncocytic adenocarcinoma
oncologic imaging
one.bone.two.bone sign
one level
one.two.three sign
onset descriptor
onuf nucleus
oocyte retrieval
open epiphysis
open fracture
open mouth
open surgical
operculofrontal artery
ophthalmic artery
ophthalmic nerve
optic canal
optic chiasm
optic chiasma
optic disc
optic foramen
optic foramina
optic layer
optic lemniscus
optic nerve
optic neuritis
optic radiation
optic recess
optic tectum
optic tract
optiray 160
optiray 240
optiray 300
optiray 320
optiray 360
oral airway
oral cav
oral cavity
oral conduit
oral contrast
oral opening
oral tissue
oral vestibule
ora serrata
orbicular ligament
orbiculus ciliaris
orbital cavity
orbital cortex
orbital gyrus
orbitalis muscle
orbital muscle
orbital opening
orbital operculum
orbital prosthesis
orbital pseudotumor
orbital septum
orbitofrontal artery
orbitofrontal cortex
orbitofrontal fasciculus
orbit veins
orbit vessels
orderable priority
orderable technique
order created
order received
order supplies
organ adventitia
organ body
organ cavity
organ chamber
organ cluster
organ component
organ crest
organized chaos
organizing pneumonia
organ mucosa
organ neck
organ process
organ region
organ segment
organ serosa
organs set
organ submucosa
organ subserosa
organ system
organ vasculature
organ wall
organ zone
oriental cholangiohepatitis
oriental cholangitis
orientation descriptor
original cleaves
original law
origin nucleus
orion plate
orogastric tube
orotracheal tube
orthopedic cast
orthopedic device
orthopedic implant
orthopedic plate
orthopedic screw
orthopedic surgery
orthotopic bladder
os acetabuli
os acetabulum
osborne band
osgood.schlatter disease
osseous head
osseous neck
osseous shaft
osseous skeleton
ossicle joint
ossicle prosthesis
ossifying fibroma
osteoarthritis deformans
osteochondritis dissecans
osteogenesis imperfecta
osteoid osteoma
osteolytic lesion
osteomeatal complex
osteomeatal unit
ostiomeatal complex
ostiomeatal unit
os trigonum
otic ganglion
otitis externa
otitis media
otolithic membrane
ottonello view
outer ear
outer gland
outer myometrium
outer prostate
outlet view
oval mass
oval window
ovarian artery
ovarian autotransplantation
ovarian cancer
ovarian cortex
ovarian cyst
ovarian fimbria
ovarian fossa
ovarian ligament
ovarian medulla
ovarian stroma
ovarian vein
ovarian vessels
ovary follicle
ovary surface
ovary zone
over exposure
over.the.wire deployment
oxalate stone
oxilan 300
oxilan 350
pacemaker insertion
pacemaker placement
pacs down
pacs error
pacs up
padlock sign
page kidney
paget disease
paintbrush appearance
palatine aponeurosis
palatine bone
palatine fossa
palatine raphe
palatine tonsil
palato.ethmoidal suture
palatoethmoidal suture
palato.ethmoid suture
palatoglossal arch
palatoglossus muscle
palatomaxillary suture
palatopharyngeal arch
palatopharyngeal ridge
palatopharyngeus muscle
palatovaginal canal
palatovaginal groove
pallidohabenular bundle
pallidotegmental fasciculus
pallidotegmental tract
palmar aponeurosis
palmar ligament
palpebral commissure
palpebral conjunctiva
palpebral fissure
palpebral vein
palvic arteries
pampiniform plexus
panacinar emphysema
pancake brain
pancake kidney
pancreas surgery
pancreatic artery
pancreatic body
pancreatic cancer
pancreatic duct
pancreatic ducts
pancreatic head
pancreatic incisura
pancreatic incisure
pancreatic islet
pancreatic islets
pancreatic juice
pancreatic neck
pancreatic notch
pancreatic nucleation
pancreaticobiliary system
pancreaticocolic ligament
pancreaticoduodenal vein
pancreaticosplenic ligament
pancreatic secretion
pancreatic surface
pancreatic tail
pancreatic transplantation
pancreatic vein
pancreatic zone
panda sign
panner disease
panographic radiograph
panoramic projection
panoramic ray
panoramic view
pa obl
papillary cystadenocarcinoma
papillary cystadenoma
papillary ependymoma
papillary meningioma
papillary muscle
papillary necrosis
para.amygdaloid cortex
paraaortic body
parabigeminal nucleus
paracardiac node
paracaval ligament
paracentral artery
paracentral lobule
paracentral nucleus
parachute valve
paracolic gutter
paracolic gutters
paracolic sulcus
paradoxical enhancement
paraduodenal fold
paraduodenal hernia
paraduodenal recess
paraesophageal hernia
parafascicular nucleus
parafasicular nucleus
paraglottic fat
paraglottic space
parahippocampal gyrus
paralemniscal nucleus
parallel grid
parallel lesion
paramagnetic agent
paramedian lobule
paramedian plane
parametrial node
parametric mapping
paranasal sinus
paranasal sinuses
paraneoplastic syndrome
paranephric fat
paranigral nucleus
paraolfactory area
parapeduncular nucleus
parapelvic cyst
parapharyngeal space
pararectal fossa
pararectal node
pararenal fat
parasagittal plane
paraseptal emphysema
parasolitary nucleus
paraspinal muscle
parasympathetic ganglion
parataenial nucleus
paratenial nucleus
paraterminal gyrus
parathyroid gland
paratrigeminal nucleus
para.umbilical vein
paraurethral gland
para.uterine nodes
paraventricular fiber
paraventricular fibers
paraventricular fibres
paraventricular gray
paraventricular nuclei
paraventricular nucleus
paraventriculohypophyseal tract
paraventriculohypophysial tract
paravertebral ganglia
paravertebral ganglion
paravesical fossa
parchment heart
parenchymal band
parenchymal distortion
parenchymal opacification
parenchymatous organ
parietal bone
parietal cortex
parietal foramen
parietal lobe
parietal.occipital sulcus
parietal operculum
parietal peritoneum
parietal pleura
parietal region
parietal vein
parietoacanthial projection
parietomastoid suture
parieto.occipital artery
parieto.occipital eminence
parieto.occipital sulcus
parieto.occipitopontine fasciculus
parietopontine fibers
parietopontine fibres
parietorb obl
parietotemporopontine fiber
parkinson disease
parolfactory area
parosteal lipoma
parosteal osteosarcoma
parotid fascia
parotid gland
parotid glands
parotid plexus
parotid space
parotid vein
pars anterior
pars compacta
pars interarticularis
pars lateralis
pars posterior
pars reticulata
pars reticulate
part flex
partial cystectomy
partial flexion
partially solid
partial response
participating tail
pa tang
patella alta
patella baja
patella infera
patella proper
patellar apex
patellar base
patellar ligament
patellar region
patellar retinaculum
patellar tendon
patellar zone
patellofem jnt
patellofemoral joint
patellotibial band
patent vessel
pathologic fracture
pathophysiologic finding
patient accepts
patient age
patient arrived
patient artifact
patient descriptor
patient ethnicity
patient gender
patient identifier
patient in
patient maneuver
patient merge
patient motion
patient name
patient notify
patient orientation
patient out
patient position
patient ready
patient rotation
patient state
patient survey
patient wait
pattern descriptor
pa view
pavlov nerve
pawlow nerve
p .carpenter.
pc plate
peak flow
pear.shaped bladder
pearson view
pecten pubis
pectineal line
pectineus muscle
pectineus surface
pectoral girdle
pectoralis muscle
pectoral muscle
pectoral region
pectoral vein
pedestal sign
pediatric filter
pediatric radiology
pedicle screw
pedicle sign
peduncle base
peduncular loop
pedunculopontine nucleus
peel.away sheath
peg.and.socket joint
pellegrini.stieda sign
pelvic back
pelvic bone
pelvic brim
pelvic cavity
pelvic compartment
pelvic diaphragm
pelvic fascia
pelvic floor
pelvic ganglia
pelvic ganglion
pelvic girdle
pelvic inlet
pelvic kidney
pelvic node
pelvic outlet
pelvic peritoneum
pelvic plexus
pelvic region
pelvic subdivision
pelvic veins
pelvic vessels
pelvic viscera
pelvic wall
pelvirectal compartment
pelvirectal space
pelvis arteries
pelvis major
pelvis minor
pelvis proper
pelvis veins
pelvis vessels
pelviureteric junction
pencil.in.cup deformity
pendulous urethra
penetrating injury
penile artery
penile body
penile frenulum
penile prepuce
penile root
penile urethra
penile veins
penile vessels
penis vessels
pen vessels
peptic ulcer
perceptual difficulty
perched facet
percutaneous cholangiography
percutaneous cholecystostomy
percutaneous intraperitoneal
percutaneous nephrostolithotomy
percutaneous sympathectomy
percutaneous transhepatic
perforating arteries
perforating artery
perforator arteries
perforator artery
perfusion acquisition
perfusional alteration
perfusion alteration
perfusion applicator
perfusion defect
perfusion disorder
perfusion imaging
periamygdaloid area
periamygdaloid cortex
periamygdaloid region
perianal fistula
periaqueductal gray
peribronchovascular interstitium
pericallosal artery
pericallosal cistern
pericallosal sulcus
pericardiacophrenic artery
pericardial artery
pericardial cavity
pericardial constriction
pericardial disease
pericardial effusion
pericardial pleura
pericardial recess
pericardial vein
pericardiophrenic artery
pericardiophrenic vein
pericecal hernia
pericolonic node
peridural membrane
perifornical nucleus
peri.implant fluid
perilesional steatosis
perilesional vessels
perilymphatic fistula
perilymph fistula
perimedullary fistula
perimesencephalic cistern
perineal hernia
perineal muscle
perineal nerve
perineal nerves
perineal urethrostomy
perinephric cyst
perinephric fascia
perinephric space
perineum subdivision
perineural cyst
perineural spread
peri.olivary nuclei
periosteal chondroma
periosteal desmoid
periosteal osteophyte
periosteal osteosarcoma
periosteal reaction
peripeduncular nucleus
peripharyngeal space
peripheral arteries
peripheral artery
peripheral calcifications
peripheral fibers
peripheral nerve
peripheral retention
periphrenic fascia
periphrenic space
periprostatic compartment
periprostatic fascia
periprosthetic fracture
perirectal region
perirenal cobweb
perirenal fat
peri.renal space
perirenal space
perisplenic space
peritoneal cavity
peritoneal dialysis
peritoneal disorder
peritoneal fluid
peritoneal fold
peritoneal ligament
peritoneal mesentery
peritoneal recess
peritoneal reflection
peritoneal sac
peritoneal serosa
peritoneoperineal fascia
peritoneovenous shunt
peritoneum disorder
peritoneum mesothelium
peritoneum subdivision
peritrigeminal nucleus
periureteric diverticulum
periventricular fiber
periventricular fibers
periventricular fibres
periventricular nucleus
perivertebral space
perivesical space
permanent tooth
permeative destruction
peroneal artery
peroneal retinacula
peroneal tendon
peroneal trochlea
peroneal tubercle
peroneal vein
peroneus tertius
personal follow.up
personal item
personal notification
perthes disease
pes anserinus
pes hippocampi
pet camera
petroclival synchondrosis
petromastoid region
petro.occipital synchondrosis
petrosal foramen
petrosal fossula
petrosal vein
petrosquamosal fissure
petrosquamosal suture
petrosquamous fissure
petrosquamous suture
petrotympanic fissure
petrous apicitis
petrous bone
peyer patch
peyronie disease
phalangeal sign
phantom calyx
phantom sign
pharmacological substance
pharmacologic intervention
pharmacologic stress
pharyngeal artery
pharyngeal branch
pharyngeal canal
pharyngeal conduit
pharyngeal diverticulum
pharyngeal dysphagia
pharyngeal hypophysis
pharyngeal nerve
pharyngeal plexus
pharyngeal pouch
pharyngeal raphe
pharyngeal recess
pharyngeal space
pharyngeal tonsil
pharyngeal tubercle
pharyngeal vein
pharyngeal vestibule
pharyngobasilar fascia
pharyngo.esophageal constriction
pharyngoesophageal diverticulum
pharyngo.oesophageal constriction
pharyngotympanic tube
phased.array reconstruction
phase descriptor
phase dispersion
phase matrix
phase non.uniformity
phase reconstruction
phase.sensitive reconstruction
phase sub
phase subtract
phase unwrapping
phrenic ganglia
phrenic nerve
phrenic nucleus
phrenicocolic ligament
phrenicosplenic ligament
phrenoesophageal ligament
phrygian cap
phthisis bulbi
phyllodes tumor
physician requirement
physiological rest
physiological stress
physiologic modeling
physiologic repair
pial filament
pia mater
picc line
pick disease
picket fence
picket.fence sign
piedmont fracture
pie.in.the.sky bladder
pierson disease
pigment deposition
pigtail catheter
pilocytic astrocytoma
pilonidal cyst
pin diode
pineal body
pineal gland
pineal nerve
pineal recess
pinhole collimator
pinless fixator
pin loosening
pin.track infection
pipestem ureter
pi.rads assessment
piriform aperture
piriform fossa
piriformis fascia
piriformis muscle
piriformis tendon
piriform lobe
piriform recess
piriform sinus
pirogoff aponeurosis
pisiform joint
pisiform.triquetral joint
pisiformtriquetral ligament
pisohamate ligament
pisometacarpal ligament
pisotriquetral joint
pituitary adenoma
pituitary carcinoma
pituitary fossa
pituitary gland
pituitary macroadenoma
pituitary microadenoma
pituitary region
plantar aponeurosis
plantar arch
plantar fascia
plantaris belly
plantaris head
plantaris muscle
plantaris tendon
plantodorsal projection
plate erasure
platelet plasma
platelet.rich plasma
platelike atelectasis
plate.reader artifact
platysma muscle
pleomorphic adenoma
pleomorphic lipoma
pleomorphic liposarcoma
pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma
pleural attachment
pleural cavity
pleural effusion
pleural fissure
pleural plaque
pleural recess
pleural retraction
pleural sac
pleural space
pleural tail
pleural tube
plexiform neurofibroma
plexiform schwannoma
pneumatized bone
pneumatosis intestinalis
pneumoarthrogram sign
pneumothorax complication
pockets.of.gas sign
polka.dot pattern
polka.dot sign
polyarteritis nodosa
polycythemia vera
polyethylene wear
polygonal calcification
polymyalgia rheumatica
polypoid carcinoma
polyvinyl alcohol
pons proper
pons subdivision
pontine artery
pontine nuclei
pontine nucleus
pontine raphe
pontine tegmentum
pontine vein
pontobulbar body
pontobulbar nucleus
pontocerebellar fiber
pontocerebellar fibers
pontocerebellar fibres
pontocerebellar trigone
pontomesencephalic vein
pontoreticulospinal tract
poorly defined
poorly.defined margin
popcorn calcification
popcorn.like calcification
pop fossa
popliteal arteries
popliteal artery
popliteal fossa
popliteal line
popliteal region
popliteal vein
popliteofibular ligament
popliteomeniscal fascicle
popliteus hiatus
popliteus muscle
popliteus recess
popliteus tendon
poppel sign
porcelain gallbladder
portacaval node
porta hepatis
portal hypertension
portal lobule
portal phase
portal scissura
portal triad
portal vein
port exchange
portocaval node
port placement
port removal
port repair
port.wine stain
positive.contrast imaging
postarterial phase
postcaval recess
postcentral convolution
postcentral gyrus
postcentral sulcus
postclival fissure
postcommissural fornix
post con
post contrast
post elements
postembolization syndrome
post.endograft scan
posterior arch
posterior clinoid
posterior colliculus
posterior commissure
posterior deltoid
posterior elbow
posterior feature
posterior forceps
posterior fossa
posterior hypothalamus
posterior liver
posterior lobe.3
posterior nucleus
posterior peduncle
posterior pituitary
posterior rib
posterior ribs
posterior scleritis
posterior trunk
posteroanterior projection
posterolateral fasciculus
posterolateral sulcus
posterolateral tract
posteromarginal nucleus
post exercise
post.immunization arthritis
post.infective arthritis
postlingual fissure
postlunate fissure
postmammillary decussation
post op
post.operative change
postoperative change
post.operative collection
postoperative collection
post.operative complication
postoperative complication
postpericardiotomy syndrome
post.procedure confirmation
post prof
postpyramidal fissure
post ribs
postrolandic gyrus
post therapy
post transplant
postvertebral muscle
post void
pott disease
power injector
preaortic ganglion
pre.aortic node
prebiventer fissure
prebiventral fissure
precaecocolic fascia
prececal node
precentral convolution
precentral fissure
precentral gyrus
precentral operculum
precentral sulcus
precertification request
preclival fissure
precommissural hippocampus
precommissural septum
pre con
pre contrast
pre.contrast imaging
preculminate fissure
precuneate lobule
predominantly cystic
predominantly fatty
predominantly solid
predorsal bundle
predorsal fasciculus
pre.endograft scan
prefetch completed
prefetch issued
prefrontal artery
prefrontal cortex
prefrontal vein
pregeniculate nucleus
pregnancy stage
prehippocampal rudiment
pre.image consult
pre.imaging consult
preiser disease
prelimbic area
preliminary dictation
preliminary transcription
premammillary nuclei
premammillary nucleus
premolar tooth
premotor cortex
prenodular fissure
preoccipital area
preoccipital gyrus
preolivary nuclei
preolivary nucleus
pre op
preoptic area
pre.optic artery
preoptic nuclei
preoptic nucleus
preoptico.hypothalamic area
preoptico.hypothalamic region
preoptic recess
prepancreatic artery
prepatellar bursa
preperitoneal fat
prepiriform cortex
prepontine cistern
prepositus nucleus
pre.procedure coordination
preprostatic sphincter
preprostatic urethra
preputial sac
prepyloric vein
prepyramidal fissure
prepyriform area
prepyriform cortex
prerolandic gyrus
prerubral area
prerubral field
prerubral nucleus
presacral fascia
presacral space
pre.saturation tagging
pre.scalene compartment
prescalene compartment
prescalene space
preschool child
presplenic fold
pressure disorder
presubicular area
presymphysial node
pretectal area
pretectal nuclei
pretectal nucleus
pretectal region
pretecto.olivary fibers
pretecto.olivary fibres
prevertebral muscle
prevertebral space
prevesical space
primary effectiveness
primary fissure
primary patency
probably not
procedural artifact
procedure paradigm
procedure pause
procedure ready
procedure simulation
procedure start
procedure step
procerus muscle
processus cochleariformis
progressive disease
projection acquisition
projection radiography
projection reconstruction
prolapsed bladder
proliferation disorder
proliferative synovitis
pronator quadratus
pronator sign
pronator tuberosity
prone position
properitoneal compartment
properitoneal space
prospective gating
prostate cancer
prostate gland
prostate proper
prostate pseudocapsule
prostate surgery
prostatic apex
prostatic base
prostatic capsule
prostatic fascia
prostatic gland
prostatic lobe
prostatic plexus
prostatic pseudocapsule
prostatic segment
prostatic sinus
prostatic stroma
prostatic surface
prostatic urethra
prostatic utricle
prostatic vasculature
prostatic zone
protocol changed
protocol error
protocol specified
proton density
protoplasmic astrocytoma
prox forearm
prox humerus
proximal embolization
proximal epiphysis
proximal femurs
proximal forearm
proximal humerus
proximal metaphysis
proximal tendon
psammomatous meningioma
pseudocalculus sign
pseudocapsule .liver.
pseudokidney sign
pseudomyxoma peritonei
pseudotumor cerebri
pseudotumor sign
pseudo.washout appearance
pseudoxanthoma elasticum
psoas fascia
psoas hitch
psoas major
psoas minor
psoas muscle
psoas sign
psoriatic arthritis
pt arrived
pterygoid artery
pterygoid canal
pterygoid fossa
pterygoid fovea
pterygoid hamulus
pterygoid notch
pterygoid plexus
pterygoid tuberosity
pterygomandibular raphe
pterygomaxillary fissure
pterygomeningeal artery
pterygopalatine canal
pterygopalatine fossa
pterygopalatine ganglion
pterygospinous ligament
pubic angle
pubic crest
pubic symphysis
pubic tubercle
pubocervical fascia
pubococcygeal tendon
pubofemoral ligament
puboprostatic ligament
pudendal cleft
pudendal nerve
puestow procedure
puff.of.smoke sign
pulm apex
pulmonary acinus
pulmonary apex
pulmonary arteries
pulmonary arteritis
pulmonary artery
pulmonary aspiration
pulmonary blastoma
pulmonary complication
pulmonary edema
pulmonary embolism
pulmonary embolus
pulmonary fissure
pulmonary hemorrhage
pulmonary hilum
pulmonary hypertension
pulmonary infarction
pulmonary ligament
pulmonary lobule
pulmonary nodule
pulmonary plexus
pulmonary sling
pulmonary vein
pulmonary veins
pulmonary vessels
pulmonic valve
pulmopleural space
pulm veins
pulsatile tinnitus
pulsed delivery
pulse sequence
pulvinar nuclei
pulvinar nucleus
pulvinar segment
pump injector
punch.drunk syndrome
punctate calcification
punctate enhancement
purse.string pelvis
putty kidney
pyelitis cystica
pyelocalyceal system
pyloric antrum
pyloric canal
pyloric exclusion
pyloric node
pyloric orifice
pyloric sphincter
pyloric stenosis
pylorus epithelium
pylorus mucosa
pylorus serosa
pylorus submucosa
pylorus subserosa
pylorus surface
pylorus wall
pyramidal eminence
pyramidal fasciculus
pyramidalis muscle
pyramidalis tendon
pyramidal tract
pyriform sinus
pyrophosphate arthritis
quad cistern
quadrangular lobule
quadrangular membrane
quadrate ligament
quadrate lobule
quadratus femoris
quadratus lumborum
quadriceps femoris
quadriceps muscle
quadriceps tendon
quadrigeminal plate
quadrilateral membrane
quadrilateral space
quality control
quality descriptor
quantitative ct
quantity descriptor
quarter.moon sign
racemose hemangioma
rad dev
radial artery
radial bursa
radial deviation
radial diaphysis
radial epiphysis
radial filter
radial fold
radial fossa
radial groove
radial head
radial metaphysis
radial nerve
radial notch
radial scar
radial sulcus
radial tear
radial tuberosity
radial vein
radiate ligament
radiation dose
radiation enteritis
radiation.induced disorder
radiation.induced esophagitis
radiation therapy
radicular artery
radicularis magna
radiculomedullary artery
radiocapitate ligament
radiocapitellar disc
radiocapitellar fringe
radiocapitellar joint
radiocapitellar meniscus
radiocapitellar plica
radiocarpal joint
radiocarpal ligament
radiofrequency ablation
radiofrequency coil
radiofrequency spoiling
radiographic projection
radiographic t.stage
radiography filter
radiography grid
radiohumeral bursa
radiolabeled dtpa
radiolabeled hsa
radiolabeled metaiodobenzylguanidine
radiolabeled mibg
radiolabeled rbc
radiology orderable
radiolunate joint
radiolunotriquetral ligament
radioscaphocapitate ligament
radioscaphoid joint
radioscapholunate ligament
radiotriquetral ligament
radlex descriptor
radlex entity
radlex synonym
radlex term
rafert long
rafert view
ra map
rami perforantes
ramus communicans
ramus meningeus
ramus superficialis
rancke complex
ray sum
receiver array
reconstruction plate
recording electrode
rectal ampulla
rectal coil
rectal contrast
rectal dysfunction
rectal fascia
rectal gland
rectal gyrus
rectal stalk
rectal surface
rectal zone
rectoprostatic angle
rectoprostatic compartment
rectoprostatic fascia
rectosacral fascia
recto.urethralis inferior
recto.urethralis superior
rectouterine fold
recto.uterine ligament
rectouterine muscle
recto.uterine pouch
rectouterine pouch
rectovaginal fascia
rectovaginal fistula
rectovesical fistula
recto.vesical pouch
rectovesical pouch
rectovesical septum
rectus abdominis
rectus gyrus
red nucleus
red pulp
reduced diameter
reflux esophagitis
reflux ileitis
reflux nephropathy
regenerative nodule
regional anesthesia
regional enhancement
regurgitant flow
reiter syndrome
relapsing leaflet
relapsing polychondritis
remap hl7id
renal adenocarcinoma
renal agenesis
renal arteries
renal artery
renal autotransplantation
renal calculus
renal calyx
renal capsule
renal column
renal complication
renal corpuscle
renal cortex
renal crest
renal cyst
renal failure
renal fascia
renal ganglia
renal hilum
renal hypertension
renal infundibulum
renal lobe
renal lobule
renal margin
renal medulla
renal medullae
renal papilla
renal parenchyma
renal pedicle
renal pelvis
renal pyramid
renal pyramids
renal segment
renal segments
renal sinus
renal spondyloarthropathy
renal stone
renal subcortex
renal surface
renal tubule
renal vein
renal vessel
renal zone
renin sampling
renovascular hypertension
replica artifact
report component
report conclusion
report footer
report header
report index
report section
report summary
reproductive system
request consult
residual disease
resource assigned
resource timestamp
resp gated
resp.gated acquisition
respiratory bronchiole
respiratory broncholitis
respiratory conduit
respiratory disorder
respiratory gating
respiratory system
respiratory tract
respiratory triggering
restiform body
resting ischemia
restricted diffusion
restricted motion
restrictive cardiomyopathy
results acknowledged
results viewed
retention cyst
reticular enhancement
reticular formation
reticular nucleus.2
reticular pattern
reticulonodular pattern
reticulospinal fibers
reticulospinal fibres
reticulospinal tract
reticulotegmental nucleus
reticulothalamic tract
retinal detachment
retinohypothalamic tract
retroambiguus nucleus
retroanastomotic hernia
retro.aortic node
retrobulbar fat
retrocaecal recess
retrocalcaneal bursa
retrocecal node
retrocecal recess
retrochiasmatic area
retrochiasmatic region
retrocommissural hippocampus
retrocrural node
retrodorsolateral nucleus
retroduodenal artery
retroduodenal fascia
retroduodenal recess
retrofacial nucleus
retrograde flow
retrograde intrabiliary
retrograde pyelography
retrograde ureterography
retrograde ureteropyelography
retrograde urethrography
retrohyoid bursa
retro.inguinal compartment
retro.inguinal space
retrolental fibroplasia
retrolenticular limb
retrolentiform limb
retromandibular vein
retromolar fossa
retromolar triangle
retromolar trigone
retro.olivary area
retro.olivary sulcus
retropancreatic fascia
retroperitoneal compartment
retroperitoneal fibrosis
retropharyngeal space
retropubic compartment
retropubic space
retrospective gating
retrosplenial cingulate
retrosternal space
retrosternal stripe
retrotrigeminal nucleus
retrozonular space
rett syndrome
retziius cavity
retzius space
reuniens nucleus
reversal sign
reversed flow
reverse waters
rf coil
rf spoiling
r gate
rhabdoid meningioma
rhabdoid tumor
rhabdomyomatous neoplasm
rhese view
rheumatic disease
rheumatoid arthritis
rheumatoid nodule
rhinal sulcus
rhomboidal nucleus
rhomboid fossa
rhomboid major
rhomboid nucleus
ribbon bowel
ribbon ribs
rib head
ribs axill
ribs axillary
richter hernia
riedel thyroiditis
rieter arthritis
right acromion
right al
right amygdala
right anconeus
right archeocortex
right archicortex
right areola
right atrium
right auricle
right ba1
right ba10
right ba11
right ba12
right ba13
right ba14
right ba15
right ba16
right ba17
right ba18
right ba19
right ba2
right ba20
right ba21
right ba22
right ba23
right ba24
right ba25
right ba26
right ba27
right ba28
right ba29
right ba3
right ba30
right ba31
right ba32
right ba33
right ba34
right ba35
right ba36
right ba37
right ba38
right ba39
right ba4
right ba40
right ba41
right ba42
right ba43
right ba44
right ba45
right ba46
right ba47
right ba48
right ba49
right ba5
right ba50
right ba51
right ba52
right ba6
right ba7
right ba8
right ba9
right bending
right brachialis
right brachioradialis
right c
right claustrum
right clavicle
right cm
right coracobrachialis
right cuneus
right decubitis
right decubitus
right deltoid
right fabella
right femur
right fibula
right flank
right gastrocnemius
right gracilis
right hemicolectomy
right hemi.diaphragm
right hemidiaphragm
right hemiliver
right hemiscrotum
right hemithorax
right hippocampus
right humerus
right hypochondrium
right iliocostalis
right iliopsoas
right infraspinatus
right insula
right isocortex
right kidney
right knee
right lcl
right longissimus
right lrt
right lung
right mcl
right mesometrium
right mesosalpinx
right mesovarium
right metathalamus
right mrt
right multifidus
right neocortex
right neostriatum
right nipple
right olecranon
right ovary
right paleocortex
right parasubiculum
right patella
right pectineus
right pl
right plantaris
right popliteus
right position
right precuneus
right presubiculum
right pulvinar
right putamen
right pyramidalis
right radius
right rm
right rotation
right rt
right sartorius
right scapula
right scissura
right semimembranosus
right semitendinosus
right side
right soleus
right striatum
right subclavius
right subiculum
right subscapularis
right supinator
right supraspinatus
right tapetum
right testis
right thalamus
right tibia
right.to.left shunt
right trapezius
right ulna
right uncus
right ureter
right ventricle
rigler sign
riley.day syndrome
rima glottidis
rima vestibule
rima vocalis
rim calcification
rim enhancement
ring.around.the.artery sign
ring artifact
ring collimator
ring.down artifact
ring finger
ring fixator
ripple sign
ris down
risoris muscle
ris up
rivinus.apos. gland
roadmap image
robert view
roi editing
rolandic cortex
rolandic operculum
rolando fracture
rolled inferior
rolled lateral
rolled medial
rolled view
roll lat
roll lateral
roll med
roll medial
roof nucleus.1
room assigned
room available
room cleaned
room closed
room duration
room opened
room utilization
rootlets set
rosai.dorfman disease
rosary sign
rosenberg view
rosenthal vein
rotary subluxation
rotational angiography
rotation disorder
rotation injury
rotatores muscle
rotator interval
rotator muscle
rotatory subluxation
round atelectasis
round calcification
rounded atelectasis
round mass
round window
route descriptor
rt bend
rt decub
rt rot
rubrobulbar tract
rubronuclear tract
rubro.olivary fibers
rubro.olivary fibres
rubro.olivary tract
rubropontine tract
rubrospinal tract
runoff vessels
ruptured aneurysm
rush rod
russell fasciculus
s1 segment
s1 vertebra
s2 segment
s2 vertebra
s3 segment
s3 vertebra
s4 segment
s4 vertebra
s5 segment
s5 vertebra
saccular aneurysm
saccular duct
saccular nerve
saccular recess
sacral ala
sacral bone
sacral canal
sacral cornu
sacral foramen
sacral ganglia
sacral ganglion
sacral groove
sacral hiatus
sacral nerve
sacral node
sacral plexus
sacral promontory
sacral region
sacral segment
sacral tuberosity
sacral vertebra
sacrococcygeal disc
sacrococcygeal joint
sacrogenital fold
sacrogenital ligament
sacroiliac joint
sacroiliac joints
sacrolumbalis muscle
sacrospinalis muscle
sacrospinous ligament
sacrotuberous ligament
sacro.uterine ligament
saddle coil
saddle embolism
sagittal fissure
sagittal plane
sagittal stratum
sagittal suture
sagulum nucleus
salivary gland
salpingopalatine fold
salpingopharyngeal fold
salpingopharyngeus muscle
salt.and.pepper pattern
salt.and.pepper sign
salter.harris fracture
samarium.153 lexidronam
sample sent
sandstorm appearance
sandstorm sign
sandwich sign
sandwich vertebra
sandwich vertebrae
santorini caruncle
santorini plexus
saphenous hiatus
saphenous nerve
saphenous opening
sartorius belly
sartorius head
sartorius muscle
sartorius surface
sartorius tendon
satellite nodule
saturation artifact
saturation band
saturation recovery
sausage digit
sawtooth ureter
scala media
scala tympani
scala vestibuli
scalene muscle
scalene triangle
scalenus minimus
scan increment
scan mode
scanner generation
scanning direction
scan trigger
scaphocapitate joint
scaphocapitate ligament
scaphoid fossa
scaphoid tubercle
scaphoid view
scapholunate joint
scapholunate ligament
scaphotrapezial joint
scaphotrapezialtrapezoidal joint
scaphotrapeziotrapezoid joint
scaphotrapezoidal joint
scaphotrapezotrapezoidal joint
scapular body
scapular neck
scapular spine
scapular zone
scapulothoracic articulation
scapulothoracic bursa
scapulothoracic joint
scar marker
scarpa ganglion
scarpa nerve
scarpa triangle
scatter artifact
schanz screw
schapotrapezium.trapezoid ligament
schatzki ring
scheuermann disease
schlemm canal
schmorl node
schmorl nodule
schneiderian papilloma
schuller view
schwalbe nucleus
sciatic hernia
sciatic nerve
scimitar sign
scintillation camera
sc joint
scleral sulcus
scleral vein
sclerosing osteomyelitis
scout view
screen.film radiography
screw placement
scrotal subdivision
secondary duct
secondary effectiveness
secondary fissure
secondary patency
second cuneiform
second digit
second finger
second phase
second toe
second trimester
secretory calcification
secretory meningioma
section gap
section interval
section thickness
sedation depth
sedation evaluated
sedation evaluation
sedimentation sign
segmental bronchus
segmental enhancement
segond fracture
segund fracture
sellar diaphragm
sella turcica
semicircular canal
semicircular duct
semicircular stria
semiconstrained implant
semilunar bone
semilunar fasciculus
semilunar gyrus
semilunar hiatus
semilunar nucleus
semimembranosus.gastrocnemius bursa
semimembranosus.gastrocnemius recess
semimembranosus muscle
semimembranosus tendon
semimembranous bursa
semi.mobile joint
seminal colliculus
seminal duct
seminal ducts
seminal vesicle
seminal vesiculectomy
semioval center
semispinalis capitis
semispinalis cervicis
semispinalis muscle
semispinalis thoracis
semitendinosus belly
semitendinosus head
semitendinosus muscle
semitendinosus tendon
sense reconstruction
sensory decussation
sensory ganglion
separable filter
sepsis complication
septal area
septal defect
septal lines
septal thickening
septal vein
septation sign
septic arthritis
septic bursitis
septic embolism
septofimbrial nucleus
septomarginal fasciculus
septomarginal trabecula
septum .nn.
septum pellucidum
serendipity view
serial acquisition
seronegative spondyloarthropathy
serous cystadenocarcinoma
serous cystadenoma
serous fluid
serous membrane
serous pericardium
serous sac
serratus posterior
sesamoid bone
sesamoid cartilage
settegast view
seven.pinhole collimator
sever disease
seymour fracture
shading artifact
shading sign
shadow sign
shallow breaths
sharp filter
sharp interface
sharp kernel
sharply.defined margin
shear injury
sheet lamination
shell sign
shepherd fracture
shim coil
shmoo.shaped heart
short axis
short bone
short.gut syndrome
short.looped nephron
short nephron
shotgun sign
shoulder extension
shoulder girdle
shoulder joint
shoulder muscle
shoulder sign
shoulder vessels
shunt catheter
shunt contrast
shunt creation
shunt detection
shunt dysfunction
shunt patency
shunt tubing
shy.drager disease
sialodochitis fibrinosa
sickle sign
side branch
side effect
siderotic nodule
side.to.side anastomosis
side.to.side pouch
sigmoid artery
sigmoid colon
sigmoid mesocolon
sigmoid sinus
sigmoid vein
sigmoid volvulus
signal characteristic
signal.related observation
si joint
si joints
silhouette sign
silicone inversion
silicone saturation
silicone suppression
silicone synovitis
simple cyst
simple lobule
sinding.larsen.johansson disease
single area
single breath
single.contrast imaging
single detector
single determination
single duct
single.element transducer
single interpretation
single phase
single plane
single source
sinotubular junction
sinus tract
sinus tympani
sinuvertebral nerve
sitting position
sitzmarks test
sitzmark test
size descriptor
size reduction
skeletal dysplasia
skeletal ligament
skeletal survey
skeletal system
skene gland
skier.apos.s view
skier thumb
skin calcification
skin disorder
skin invasion
skin irregularity
skin lesion
skin puckering
skin retraction
skin segment
skin staple
skin tethering
skin thickening
skull base
skull bones
skull point
slf i
slf ii
slf iii
slice thickness
slow flow
sm.153 edtmp
small.airways disease
small bowel
small finger
small intestine
small joint
smash reconstruction
smile sign
sm int
smith fracture
smoke inhalation
smooth filter
smooth kernel
smooth margin
smudgy margin
snare retrieval
sniff test
snowman heart
snowman sign
sodium iodide
soemmering substance
soft palate
soft tissue
soft.tissue density
soleal line
solenoid coil
soleus muscle
soleus tendon
solid carcinoma
solidness descriptor
solid organ
solitariospinal tract
solitary lesion
solitary neurofibroma
solitary nuclei
solitary nucleus
source.to.image distance
source.to.object distance
source.to.skin distance
spade shape
spaghetti sign
spalding sign
spatial saturation
spatial smoothing
spect arc
spectral inversion
spectral leakage
spectral saturation
spectral suppression
spectroscopy acquisition
speech pathology
speed descriptor
spermatic cord
spermatocytic seminoma
sperm cell
spheno.ethmoidal recess
sphenoethmoidal recess
spheno.ethmoidal suture
sphenoethmoidal suture
spheno.ethmoidal synchondrosis
sphenoethmoidal synchondrosis
sphenofrontal suture
sphenoidal concha
sphenoidal crest
sphenoidal sinus
sphenoid bone
sphenoid lingula
sphenoid sinus
sphenoid strut
sphenoid turbinate
sphenomaxillary suture
spheno.occipital synchondrosis
sphenooccipital synchondrosis
sphenopalatine artery
sphenopalatine foramen
sphenopalatine notch
sphenoparietal sinus
sphenoparietal suture
sphenopetrosal synchondrosis
sphenosquamous suture
sphenovomerine suture
spherical mass
spheroid sign
sphincter choledochus
sphincter pupillae
spiculated margin
spiculated mass
spider plate
spider web
spiegelian lobe
spigelian hernia
spike artifact
spina bifida
spinal anesthesia
spinal artery
spinal canal
spinal cavity
spinal column
spinal cord
spinal disorder
spinal foramen
spinal fusion
spinal ganglia
spinal implant
spinalis capitis
spinalis cervicis
spinalis muscle
spinalis thoracis
spinal lemniscus
spinal nerve
spinal pia.arachnoid
spinal region
spinal stenosis
spinal tap
spinal tuberculosis
spinal vein
spinal vessel
spinal vessels
spin echo
spine degeneration
spine disorder
spine region
spine sign
spine vessels
spin labeling
spin lock
spinobulbar fibers
spinobulbar fibres
spinocervical tract
spinocuneate fibers
spinocuneate fibres
spinoglenoid notch
spinogracile fibers
spinogracile fibres
spinohypothalamic fibers
spinohypothalamic fibres
spinomesencephalic fibers
spinomesencephalic fibres
spino.olivary fibers
spino.olivary fibres
spino.olivary tract
spinoperiaqueductal fibers
spinoperiaqueductal fibres
spinoreticular fibers
spinoreticular fibres
spinoreticular tract
spinotectal fibers
spinotectal fibres
spinotectal tract
spinothalamic fibers
spinothalamic fibres
spinothalamic tract
spinotransversales set
spinous process
spinovestibular tract
spiral ct
spiral ganglion
spiral limbus
spiral organ
spiral sign
spiral sulcus
spitzka nucleus
splanchnic nerve
spleen surgery
splenial artery
splenial gyrus
splenic artery
splenic cord
splenic enlargement
splenic flexure
splenic hemorrhage
splenic notch
splenic pedicle
splenic pulp
splenic rupture
splenic sequestration
splenic serosa
splenic sinus
splenic surface
splenic trabeculae
splenic vein
splenic zone
splenius capitis
splenius cervicis
splenocolic ligament
splenorenal ligament
split acquisition
spondylosis deformans
spongy bone
spontaneous hemorrhage
spot compression
spot image
spotted nephrogram
spot view
s pouch
sprengel deformity
spring ligament
sp shunt
spur sign
squamomastoid suture
squamous adenocarcinoma
squamous metaplasia
squamous papilloma
squamous suture
squeeze sign
s sign
ssrf pulse
stab avulsion
stable diameter
stable disease
stab phlebectomy
staderini nucleus
staghorn calculi
staghorn calculus
staghorn sign
standard wire
standing maneuver
standing position
stapedial membrane
stapedius nerve
stapedius tendon
stapes prostheses
star artifact
starch synovitis
starry sky
stat blue
stationary multi.channel
stato.acoustic nerve
statoacoustic nerve
status descriptor
staunig view
steal syndrome
stecher view
steeple head
steeple sign
steeple skull
steinman pin
stellate ligament
stellate margin
stellate mass
stenson foramen
stent malposition
stent placement
stenvers view
stepladder sign
stercoral colitis
stereotactic biopsy
stereotactic localization
stereotactic radiography
sternal artery
sternoclavicular disc
sterno.clavicular joint
sternoclavicular joint
sterno.clavicular joints
sternoclavicular joints
sternocleidomastoid artery
sternocleidomastoid belly
sternocleidomastoid muscle
sternocleidomastoid region
sternocleidomastoid tendon
sternocleidomastoid vein
sternohyoid muscle
sternothyroid muscle
steroid injection
stieda shadow
stierlin sign
stiff wire
still disease
stilling.clarke column
stilling.clarke nucleus
stimulated echoartifact
stippled enhancement
stipple sign
stomach cancer
stomach surgery
straight gyrus
straight sheath
straight sinus
strain imaging
straining maneuver
strain maneuver
strangulated hernia
strawberry skull
streaking artifact
stress agent
stress fracture
stress maneuver
striate area
striate cortex
stria terminalis
striation artifact
stricture complication
stricture dilation
string sign
stripe artifact
stroke complication
stromal neoplasm
stromal region
stromal tumor
stryker notch
stryker .quot.notch.quot.
studer pouch
stump blowout
stunned myocardium
sturge.weber syndrome
stylodigastric nerve
styloglossus muscle
stylohyoid ligament
stylohyoid muscle
stylohyoid tendon
styloid prominence
stylomastoid artery
stylomastoid foramen
stylomastoid vein
stylopharyngeus muscle
subacromial bursa
subacromial.subdeltoid bursa
subacute thyroiditis
subanconeus bursa
subarach hem
subarachnoid cistern
subarachnoid fissure
subarachnoid fossa
subarachnoid hemorrhage
subarachnoid incisure
subarachnoid space
subarachnoid sulcus
subarticular plane
subbrachial nucleus
subcaerulean nucleus
subcallosal area
subcallosal cortex
subcallosal fasciculus
subcallosal gyrus
subcapsular .disc.
subcapsular line
subcapsular .liver.
subcentral gyrus
subchondral bone
subclavian artery
subclavian nerve
subclavian triangle
subclavian vein
subclavian vessels
subclavius muscle
subclavius nerve
subclavius tendon
subcommissural organ
subcoracoid bursa
subcostal artery
subcostales set
subcostal nerve
subcrureus muscle
subcuneiform nucleus
subcutaneous bursa
subcutaneous fat
subcutaneous mass
subdeltoid bursa
sub.diaphragm region
subdural hematoma
subdural space
subfalcine herniation
subfascicular nucleus
subfornical organ
subgaleal space
subglottal stenosis
subglottic larynx
subglottic stenosis
subhepatic space
subhypoglossal nucleus
subicular complex
subiculum hippocampi
sublentiform nucleus
subligamentous bursa
sublime tubercle
sublingual artery
sublingual caruncle
sublingual fold
sublingual fossa
sublingual ganglion
sublingual gland
sublingual nerve
sublingual nucleus
sublingual space
sublingual vein
submandibular fossa
submandibular ganglion
submandibular gland
submandibular space
submandibular triangle
submedial nucleus
submental artery
submental triangle
submental vein
submentovertex projection
submentovertical view
suboccipital muscle
suboccipital nerve
subparabrachial nucleus
subparafascicular nucleus
subpatellar bursa
subperiosteal space
subphrenic abscess
subphrenic space
subpleural region
subpopliteal recess
subpubic angle
subq fat
subsartorial canal
subscapular angle
subscapular artery
subscapular fossa
subscapularis attachment
subscapularis bursa
subscapularis insertion
subscapularis muscle
subscapularis tendon
subscapular nerve
subscapular nerves
subscapular vein
subsegmental bronchus
subsequent day
substance removal
substantia gelatinosa
substantia innominata
substantia nigra
subtalar coalition
subtalar joint
subtendinous bursa
subthalamic fasciculus
subthalamic nucleus
subthalamic region
subthalamus segment
subthreshold growth
subthreshold lesion
subtotal colectomy
subtraction imaging
sucrose polyester
sugiura procedure
sulci gastricae
sulco.commissural artery
sulcocommissural artery
sulcomarginal fasciculus
sulcus limitans
sulcus sclerae
sulcus sign
sulcus tali
sulcus tubae
sulfatide lipidosis
sunburst pattern
sunburst sign
sunrise view
superciliary border
superficial biopsy
superficial bone
superficial mass
superficial siderosis
superficial ulcer
superimposed image
superior brachium
superior colliculus
superior eyelid
superior fovea
superior gemellus
superior lip
superior mediastinum
superior olive
superior peduncle
supinator crest
supinator muscle
supinator sign
supinator tendon
supinator tunnel
supine lateral
supine position
supine view
sup lat
suppurative arthritis
suppurative thyroiditis
supra.aortic area
supra.aortic triangle
supra.azygos area
supracalcarine cortex
supracallosal gyrus
suprachiasmatic artery
suprachiasmatic cistern
suprachiasmatic nucleus
supraclavicular nerve
supraclavicular nerves
supracolic space
supracollicular sphincter
supracommissural hippocampus
supracommissural septum
supracondylar process
supraduodenal artery
suprageniculate nucleus
supraglenoid tubercle
supraglottic larynx
suprahyoid artery
suprahyoid muscle
suprahyoid neck
supralemniscal nucleus
supramammillary commissure
supramammillary decussation
supramammillary nucleus
supramarginal gyrus
supra.optic artery
supraoptic commissure
supraoptic crest
supra.optic fibers
supra.optic fibres
supra.optic nucleus
supraoptic nucleus
supraopticohypophyseal tract
supra.opticohypophysial tract
supraoptic recess
supra.orbital artery
supraorbital artery
supraorbital foramen
supra.orbital margin
supraorbital margin
supra.orbital nerve
supraorbital nerve
supra.orbital notch
supraorbital notch
supra.orbital vein
supraorbital vein
suprapatellar bursa
suprapatellar plica
suprapatellar recess
suprapedicular plane
suprapineal recess
suprapiriform foramen
suprapubic catheter
suprapubic ligament
suprapyloric nodes
suprarenal aorta
suprarenal vein
suprascapular artery
suprascapular nerve
suprascapular notch
suprascapular vein
suprasellar cistern
supraserratus bursa
supraspinal ligament
supraspinal nucleus
supraspinatus fossa
supraspinatus muscle
supraspinatus outlet
supraspinatus tendon
supraspinous fossa
supraspinous ligament
suprasternal compartment
suprasternal space
supratonsillar fossa
supratrochlear artery
supratrochlear nerve
supratrochlear vein
supravesical fossa
sural nerve
surface arthroplasty
surface coil
surface papilla
surface rendering
surfer ear
surgery descriptor
surgical approach
surgical biopsy
surgical cement
surgical clip
surgical drain
surgical equipment
surgical implement
surgical procedure
surgical scar
surgical staple
surgical tract
surgical wire
susceptibility artifact
suspicious calcification
sustentaculum tali
suture calcification
suture granuloma
swallowing function
swan.ganz catheter
swimmer ear
swimmers view
swimmer view
swirl sign
sylvian aqueduct
sylvian fissure
sylvian sulcus
symmetric enhancement
symmetric size
sympathetic chain
sympathetic ganglion
sympathetic paraganglia
sympathetic trunk
symphysis pubis
syndesmotic screw
synovial bursa
synovial cavity
synovial cyst
synovial fluid
synovial fold
synovial joint
synovial layer
synovial membrane
synovial neoplasm
synovial osteochondromatosis
synovial sac
synovial sarcoma
synovial stratum
synthetic graft
synthetic imaging
synthetic material
syringoperitoneal shunt
system down
systemic artery
systemic vein
systolic doming
systolic flow
t0 stage
t10 nerve
t10 segment
t10 vertebra
t11 nerve
t11 segment
t11 vertebra
t12 nerve
t12 segment
t12 vertebra
t1 nerve
t1 segment
t1 vertebra
t1 weighted
t2 hyperintense
t2 hyper.intensity
t2 hyperintensity
t2 hypointense
t2 hypointensity
t2 nerve
t2 prep
t2 segment
t2 star
t2.star weighted
t2.t1 weighted
t2 vertebra
t2 weighted
t2. weighted
t3 nerve
t3 segment
t3 vertebra
t4 gyrus
t4 nerve
t4 segment
t4 vertebra
t5 nerve
t5 segment
t5 vertebra
t6 nerve
t6 segment
t6 vertebra
t7 nerve
t7 segment
t7 vertebra
t8 nerve
t8 segment
t8 vertebra
t9 nerve
t9 segment
t9 vertebra
tabetic neurosyphilis
table speed
table steps
table.to.detector.head translation
tacked.down sign
taenia coli
taenia fornicis
tagged wbc
tagging pulse
takayasu arteritis
talar dome
talc embolism
talocalcaneal coalition
talocalcaneal joint
talocalcaneonavicular joint
talocrural joint
talonavicular joint
tangential projection
tangential view
tangent sign
tanycytic ependymoma
target angle
targeted microbubbles
target enhancement
target lesion
targetoid restriction
tarlov cyst
tarrant view
tarsal bone
tarsal canal
tarsal coalition
tarsal navicular
tarsal tunnel
tarsometatarsal joint
tattoo sign
tau protein
tau sign
taylor view
tay.sachs disease
tc.99m apcitide
tc.99m arcitumomab
tc.99m bicisate
tc.99m disida
tc.99m disofenin
tc.99m dmsa
tc.99m dsma
tc.99m dtpa
tc.99m ecd
tc.99m exametazine
tc.99m fanolesomab
tc.99m gluceptate
tc.99m hdp
tc.99m hida
tc.99m hmpao
tc.99m hsa
tc.99m maa
tc.99m mag.3
tc.99m mdp
tc.99m mebrofenin
tc.99m medronate
tc.99m mercaptoacetyltriglycine
tc.99m mercaptoacetyltriglycine.3
tc.99m mertiatide
tc.99m methylene.diphosphonate
tc.99m oxidronate
tc.99m pertechnetate
tc.99m pyp
tc.99m pyrophosphate
tc.99m rbcs
tc.99m sestamibi
tc.99m succimer
tc.99m tetrofosmin
tc.99m wbcs
t.cell lymphoma
tc.hmpao wbc
teaching descriptor
teacup calcification
teardrop bladder
teardrop fracture
teardrop.shaped bladder
teardrop sign
technetium.99m dsma
technetium.99m mercaptoacetyltriglycine
technetium scan
technical success
technique effectiveness
tectal lamina
tectal plate
tectobulbar tract
tecto.olivary fibers
tecto.olivary fibres
tectopontine fibers
tectopontine fibres
tectopontine tract
tectoreticular fibers
tectoreticular fibres
tectospinal fibers
tectospinal pathway
tectospinal tract
tegmental nuclei
tegmen tympani
tela choroidea
telangiectatic osteosarcoma
telebrix 350
telencephalon segment
telencephalon septum
telencephalon stria
telephone.shaped femora
tem coil
temp bone
temperature patch
temperature probe
temp lobe
temporal arteritis
temporal artery
temporal bone
temporal cortex
temporal descriptor
temporal entity
temporal fascia
temporalis muscle
temporalis tendon
temporal lobe
temporal operculum
temporal peduncle
temporal pole
temporal smoothing
temporal stem
temporal tap
temporary occlusion
temporomandibular joint
temporomandibular vein
temporoparietalis muscle
temporopontine fibers
temporopontine fibres
temporozygomatic suture
tendinous cuff
tendon sheath
tenia fornicis
tension pneumocephalus
tension pneumo.orbit
tension pneumothorax
tensor tympani
tens unit
tentorial artery
tentorial hiatus
tentorial incisure
tentorial nerve
tentorial notch
tentorium cerebelli
teres minor
terminal aorta
terminal bronchiole
terminal filum
terminal ileum
terminal nucleus
terminal vein
terminal ventricle
terson syndrome
test bolus
testicular artery
testicular cancer
testicular prosthesis
testicular vein
testicular vessels
testut artery
teufel view
thalamic complex
thalamic fasciculus
thalamic nucleus
thalamic radiation
thalamic tract
thalamogeniculate artery
thalamoparietal fibers
thalamoparietal fibres
thalamoperforating artery
thalamotuberal artery
thalamus radiation
thalamus segment
thalamus tenia
thanatophoric dysplasia
thebesian vein
theimann disease
thenar muscle
therapeutic agent
therapeutic response
therapy infusion
thick continuous
thick interrupted
thickness descriptor
thick rim
thick sclerotic
thick septae
thigh bone
thigh proper
thigh skin
thigh subdivision
thigh vessels
thimble bladder
thin continuous
thin interrupted
thin rim
thin sclerotic
thin section
thin septae
third cuneiform
third digit
third finger
third phase
third toe
third trimester
third trochanter
third ventricle
thoracic aorta
thoracic artery
thoracic back
thoracic cavity
thoracic column
thoracic duct
thoracic ganglia
thoracic ganglion
thoracic inlet
thoracic intertransversarius
thoracic mass
thoracic musculature
thoracic nerve
thoracic outlet
thoracic region
thoracic rotator
thoracic spine
thoracic subdivision
thoracic vertebra
thoracic vessels
thoracic wall
thoraco.abdominal junction
thoraco.abdominal plane
thoracoabdominal sign
thoraco.acromial artery
thoraco.acromial vein
thoracoacromial vein
thoracodorsal artery
thoracodorsal nerve
thoracodorsal vein
thoracoepigastric vein
thoracolumbar fascia
thoracolumbar junction
thoracolumbar spine
thoracostomy tube
thorn sign
thor outlet
three sign
throckmorton sign
thrombin injection
thromboangiitis obliterans
thrombolytic agent
thumb sign
thymic artery
thymic cyst
thymic vein
thymus parenchyma
thyroarytenoid muscle
thyrocervical artery
thyrocervical trunk
thyroepiglottic ligament
thyrohyoid ligament
thyrohyoid membrane
thyrohyoid muscle
thyroid acropachy
thyroid cancer
thyroid cartilage
thyroid gland
thyroid isthmus
thyroid nodule
thyroid tubercle
tibeoperoneal vessels
tibial diaphysis
tibial epiphysis
tibial metaphysis
tibial nerve
tibial plafond
tibial plateau
tibial tuberosity
tibiocalcaneal ligament
tibiofemoral joint
tibiofibular joint
tibionavicular ligament
tibiospring ligament
tibiotalar joint
tie.breaking rules
tiedemann gland
tillaux fracture
time.activity curve
time modifier
time scheduled
time.to.peak map
tip.of.the.iceberg sign
tips placement
tips revision
ti.rads 1
ti.rads 2
ti.rads 3
ti.rads 4
ti.rads 5
ti.rads assessment
tissue composition
tissue embolism
tissue sampling
tissue space
tit sign
tl junction
todaro tendon
toddler fracture
toe eponychium
toe hyponychium
toe skin
tolosa.hunt syndrome
tonsillar fossa
tonsillar ring
too little
too much
toothpaste sign
tooth sign
top.of.the.knob sign
torcular herophili
tornwaldt cyst
torus fracture
torus tubarius
total colectomy
total proctocolectomy
tower head
tower skull
towne view
toxic encephalopathy
t plate
trabecular bone
trabecular thickening
tracer inject
tracer injected
tracer order
tracheal vein
trachelomastoid muscle
tracheobronchial node
tracheobronchial tree
tracheoesophageal fistula
tracheoesophageal stripe
tracheostomy tube
track dilatation
tracker coil
track sign
tract dilation
traction bronchiectasis
traction bronchiolectasis
traction device
tractus solitarius
tragal lamina
tragicus muscle
tram.track calcification
tram.track sign
transaxial plane
transcapular view
transcatheter biopsy
transchondral fracture
transcutaneous application
transcutaneous doppler
transesophageal transducer
transfusional siderosis
transhepatic cholangiography
transient osteoporosis
transitional meningioma
transitional phase
transitory synovitis
transmesenteric hernia
transmesosigmoid hernia
transmit array
transomental hernia
transoral projection
transplanted kidney
transplanted liver
transplanted organ
transplanted pancreas
transport ordered
transpyloric plane
trans.scapular view
transscapular view
transtentorial herniation
transthoracic view
trans.uretero ureterostomy
transuretero ureterostomy
transvaginal transducer
transversalis fascia
transversalis muscle
transverse abdominal
transverse colon
transverse fissure
transverse ligament
transverse mesocolon
transverse myelitis
transverse plane
transverse process
transverse sinus
transversus abdominis
transversus thoracis
trapeziocapitate ligament
trapeziotrapezoidal joint
trapezius muscle
trapezoid body
trapezoid ligament
traumatic spondylolisthesis
traumatic synovitis
treadmill exercise
treated lesion
treatment planning
treatment procedure
treatment technique
tree.in.bud opacities
tree.in.bud opacity
tree.in.bud sign
triage report
triangle sign
triangular bone
triangular fibrocartilage
triangular interval
triangular ligament
triangular nucleus
triangular sign
triangular space
triceps brachii
triceps muscle
triceps tendon
tricuspid valve
trident hand
trigeminal cave
trigeminal ganglion
trigeminal impression
trigeminal lemniscus
trigeminal lemniscus.2
trigeminal nerve
trigeminal nuclei
trigeminal tuberculum
trigeminospinal tract
trigeminothalamic tract
trigger point
trimalar fracture
triphasic flow
triple phase
triplex ultrasound
tripod fracture
triquetrocapitate ligament
triquetrohamate joint
triquetrohamate ligament
triscaphe joint
trisomy 18
triticeal cartilage
triton tumor
trochanteric fossa
trochlear fovea
trochlear groove
trochlear nerve
trochlear notch
trochlear nucleus
trochlear process
trochlear ridge
trolard vein
trolley.track sign
tropical sprue
tropical ulcer
true lumen
true pelvis
trumpet sign
truncation artifact
trunk back
trunk compartment
trunk front
trunk muscle
trunk musculature
trunk proper
trunk subdivision
trunk wall
truth descriptor
t spine
t stage
t.tube cholangiography
t.tube contrast
tubal tonsil
tube exchange
tube injection
tube insertion
tube placement
tube potential
tuberales nucleus
tuber cinereum
tuberculous arthritis
tuberculous spondylitis
tuberculum cuneatus
tuberculum gracilis
tuberculum sellae
tube replacement
tuberomammillary nucleus
tuberous sclerosis
tubo.ovarian abscess
tubular adenoma
tubular calcification
tubular plate
tubular structure
tubulovillous adenoma
tumescent anesthesia
tumoral calcinosis
tumor embolism
tumor enucleation
tumor invasion
tumor.related complication
tumor.specific agent
tumor stage
tumor vascularity
tunica externa
tunica intima
tunneled catheter
tunnel view
turbidity descriptor
turbo.spin echo
turbulent flow
turner syndrome
turret exostosis
twining view
twin peaks
twin pregnancy
tympanic body
tympanic calaniculus
tympanic canal
tympanic canaliculus
tympanic cavity
tympanic cell
tympanic enlargement
tympanic ganglion
tympanic lamella
tympanic membrane
tympanic nerve
tympanic notch
tympanic plexus
tympanic ring
tympanic sulcus
tympanic vein
tympanomastoid fissure
tympanosquamosal fissure
tympanosquamous fissure
tympanostapedial joint
tympanostomy tube
typically benign
ucl tear
u fiber
uhl anomaly
uhl disease
ulcerative colitis
ulcer.within.an.ulcer sign
ulnar artery
ulnar bursa
ulnar deviation
ulnar diaphysis
ulnar epiphysis
ulnar head
ulnar metaphysis
ulnar nerve
ulnar styloid
ulnar tunnel
ulnar vein
uln dev
ulnocapitate ligament
ulnocarpal articulation
ulno.humeral joint
ulnohumeral joint
ultra.high resolution
ultrasound.assisted venipuncture
ultrasound.guided compression
ultrasound transducer
ultravist 150
ultravist 240
ultravist 300
ultravist 370
umbilical artery
umbilical cord
umbilical fascia
umbilical fissure
umbilical fold
umbilical hernia
umbilical region
umbilical surface
umbilical vein
umbilical vessels
umbrella sign
unavailable exam
uncal apex
uncal artery
uncal herniation
uncinate fasciculus
uncinate fasciculus.2
uncovertebral joint
uncus hippocampi
uncus vein
under exposure
under stress
undistorted vessels
unenhanced phase
unicompartmental arthroplasty
unicompartmental prosthesis
unicornate uterus
unicornuate uterus
uniformity descriptor
unilaminar epithelium
uninhibited bladder
uninterpretable image
uniphasic flow
unspecified laterality
upj obstruction
upper abdomen
upper extremity
upper femora
upper gi
upper hemithorax
upper limb
upper lip
upper ribs
upper trunk
upright position
upstream duct
urachal sign
ureteral adventitia
ureteral calculus
ureteral cancer
ureteral fold
ureteral jet
ureteral lumen
ureteral orifice
ureteral re.implantation
ureteral reimplantation
ureteral surface
ureter cancer
ureteric mucosa
ureteric orifice
ureteric ostium
ureteritis cystica
ureteropelvic junction
uretero.sigmoid anastomosis
ureterostomy exchange
ureterovesical junction
ureterovesical orifice
ureter surgery
urethral contrast
urethral crest
urethral sphincter
urethral stenosis
urethral surgery
urinary bladder
urinary complication
urinary diversion
urinary pouch
urinary system
urinary tract
urine leak
uriniferous tubule
uriniferous tubules
urogenital diaphragm
urogenital finding
urogenital peritoneum
uterine adnexa
uterine artery
uterine cavity
uterine cervix
uterine didelphys
uterine fibroid
uterine fundus
uterine horn
uterine margin
uterine ostium
uterine serosa
uterine subserosa
uterine surface
uterine tube
uterine zone
uterosacral ligament
uterotubal junction
uterotubal orifice
uterovaginal fascia
uterovesical fold
uterus didelphys
uterus surgery
utricular duct
utricular nerve
utricular recess
utriculo.ampullary nerve
utriculosaccular duct
uveomeningitic syndrome
uvular muscle
vacuum.assisted biopsy
vacuum.disc phenomenon
vacuum phenomenon
vagal trigone
vaginal coil
vaginal delivery
vaginal fascia
vaginal nerves
vaginal orifice
vaginal outlet
vaginal vestibule
vaginal wall
vague density
vague interface
vagus nerve
valdini view
valgus deformity
vallate papillae
vallecular sign
valsalva maneuver
valve disease
valvulae conniventes
variceal banding
varices descriptor
varicose vein
varus deformity
vascular access
vascular anastamosis
vascular anastomosis
vascular anomaly
vascular calcification
vascular convergence
vascular disease
vascular disorder
vascular dissection
vascular flow
vascular imaging
vascular malformation
vascular nerves
vascular pedicle
vascular region
vascular stent
vascular stent.graft
vascular tinnitus
vascular tree
vas deferens
vastus intermedius
vastus lateralis
vastus medialis
vat photopolymerization
vector transducer
velocity.encoding gradient
velpeau view
velum interpositum
venereal warts
veno.occlusive disease
venous anastamosis
venous anastomosis
venous angioma
venous congestion
venous filter
venous flow
venous hemangioma
venous malformation
venous plexus
venous sampling
venous sclerotherapy
venous subtree
venous system
venous thrombosis
venous trunk
venous varicosity
venous vessel
venous zone
venter musculi
ventral claustrum
ventral duct
ventral hernia
ventral pallidum
ventral position
ventral striatum
ventral thalamus
ventricular foramen
ventricular septum
ventricular volume
ventriculoatrial shunt
ventriculoperitoneal shunt
ventrobasal complex
ventrobasal nucleus
ventrolateral nucleus
ventrolateral sulcus
ventromedial nucleus
vermian cortex
vertebral apophyses
vertebral apophysis
vertebral artery
vertebral augmentation
vertebral body
vertebral canal
vertebral column
vertebral endplate
vertebral fascia
vertebral foramen
vertebral fracture
vertebral fusion
vertebral ganglion
vertebral vein
vertebral vessels
vertebropelvic ligament
vertical.banded gastroplasty
vertical lesion
vertical mass
verticosubmental projection
very hypoechoic
vesical calculus
vesical fascia
vesical neck
vesicoenteric fistula
vesicoureteral junction
vesicoureteral reflux
vesico.uterine pouch
vesicouterine pouch
vesicovaginal septum
vessel layer
vestibular aqueduct
vestibular area
vestibular canaliculus
vestibular crest
vestibular fold
vestibular ganglion
vestibular gland
vestibular labyrinth
vestibular lamella
vestibular ligament
vestibular membrane
vestibular nerve
vestibular nuclei
vestibular nucleus
vestibulo.auditory system
vestibulocerebellar fibers
vestibulocerebellar tract
vestibulocochlear artery
vestibulocochlear nerve
vestibulocochlear organ
vestibulocochlear vein
vestibulospinal tract
via fistula
via hemodialysate
video loop
video urodynamics
vidian artery
vidian canal
villonodular synovitis
villous adenoma
viral infection
viral pneumonia
virtual endoscopy
visceral arteries
visceral artery
visceral fat
visceral peritoneum
visceral pleura
visceral plexus
visceral serosa
visceral space
visceral subserosa
visceral vessels
viscera set
visibility descriptor
visipaque 270
visipaque 320
visual system
vitals monitor
vitals obtained
vitreous body
vitreous chamber
vitreous humor
vitreous membrane
vitreous stroma
vkh syndrome
vocal cord
vocal fold
vocalis muscle
vocal ligament
vogt.koyanagi.harada syndrome
voiding cystourethrography
voiding maneuver
voiding urethrography
volar ligament
volume acquisition
volume determination
volume imaging
volume quantification
volume rendering
vomeronasal organ
vomerorostral canal
vomerovaginal canal
vomerovaginal groove
vorticose vein
voxel geometry
vp shunt
v.shape ligament
vulval vestibule
wall.echo.shadow complex
wall.echo.shadow sign
wallerian degeneration
wall motion
walter ganglion
wandering spleen
warthin tumor
washout appearance
washout .ceus.
wash.out phase
water contrast
water density
water droplets
water.drop shaped
waterfall hilum
waterfall sign
water inversion
water saturation
water.soluble contrast
waterston shunt
water suppression
waters view
wave sign
wedge filter
wedge sign
weight bearing
weight.bearing bone
weight.bearing maneuver
weight.bearing position
well.defined interface
well.defined margin
wernekink decussation
wernicke area
wernicke encephalopathy
wernig.hoffman disease
wes complex
wes sign
westermark sign
west point
whalebone.in.a.corset sign
whipple disease
whirlpool sign
whirl sign
whiskering effect
whitaker test
white matter
white pulp
white substance
whole body
whole csf
whooping cough
wide transition
width descriptor
wigby taylor
wilkie artery
willis.apos. nerve
wilms tumor
wimberger sign
windsock sign
wire placement
wire tip
with implants
without maneuver
without port
with port
wolf view
workflow term
wound.vac drain
wraparound artifact
wrisberg nerve
wrist joint
wrist ligament
wrist vessels
wrong demographics
w sign
xanthine stone
xanthogranulomatous cholecystitis
xanthogranulomatous inflammation
xanthogranulomatous pyelonephritis
xanthoma disseminatum
xccl view
xenetix 300
xenon contrast
xiphoid process
x.ray angiography
x.ray collimator
xray collimator
yin.yang sign
young adult
yo.yo.on.a.string sign
yo.yo sign
y view
zanca view
zebra artifact
zenker diverticulum
zinn artery
zipper artifact
zona incerta
zona orbicularis
zona spongiosa
zoning sign
zonular space
zygapophyseal joint
zygapop jnt
zyg arch
zygomatic arch
zygomatic bone
zygomatic nerve
zygomaticofacial foramen
zygomaticomaxillary suture
zygomatico.orbital artery
zygomatico.orbital foramen
zygomaticotemporal foramen
